

## Nextdoo post: COVID-19 Tracking Websites & Apps


Thanks Theo. I’m not sure how it works on a pc, but on mobile I’m not seeing much difference between the options. The 3d visualization changes, but the text seems to stay the same


Tal Fogel

Good observing! Thank you for trying out the four different charts.

And you are quite right, the charts do look very much alike. A principle reason for the similarity is that three different COVID-19-tracking databases are being charted and all of these databases are gathering data from nearly identical sources as follows:

1. Johns Hopkins University Series Database tracks 300 locations on a daily basis ranging from to January up to "yesterday".
2. Johns Hopkins University Daily Timeline Database tracks 3,500 locations but only for a single day: "yesterday".
3. Wikipedia database tracks 182 locations and updates several times a day.

Thus all three charts look alike because they fairly much have nearly the same numbers and the differences are only visible after close inspection.

Another reason the charts all look alike is because they are created by the same lazy designer: me. ;-)

Why three charts? Well, there are not a lot of examples out there for well-charted pandemics. As a designer, I wanted to take some sips from a flight of "vessels of data" and after sipping decide the one or ones to drink from deeply.

What's next? Who knows? I am an elderly self-isolating peep trying to keep my mind occupied. All I can promise is that there will be a new version of the charts with new features pretty much every day for the duration. Stay calm and keep coding, whatever.

Here is a link to chart the chart on day 1:

https://www.ladybug.tools/spider-covid-19-viz-3d/dev/v-2020-03/covid-19-viz-3d-2020-03-15-23.html

And here is a link to what is always the latest version.

https://www.ladybug.tools/spider-covid-19-viz-3d/

Fingers crossed you see a good difference between the two options! ;-)



And as a result of you comments - along with similar reflections by one of my daughters - I did spend some time trying to provide more descriptive titles and descriptions that help differentiate the charts.

1,
Title: Viz3D JHU Times Series Global
Description
"Flagship" chart - most authoritative data and least likely to crash
Johns Hopkins data for 230+ locations with 60+ day timelines

2.
Title: Viz3D JHU Times Series Global
Description:
"Beta version" chart - newest features and likely to have issues
Johns Hopkins data for 230+ locations with 60+ day timelines

3.
Title: Viz3D JHU Daily
Description:
"Big Data" chart - authoritative data
Johns Hopkins data for 3,500 locations but no timelines

4
Title: Viz3D Wikipedia
Description:
"Fresh Data" chart - frequent updates during the day
Wikipedia data for 180+ locations

If you can think of better words to describe these charts, please do make suggestions.















