# Five talking points

Speedy access to latest, local C19 data with a familiar interface: the Globe

* Realtime 3D interaction with three.js and realtime data harvesting with Wikipedia
* Big data for 230 places with timely access via GitHub & Wikipedia API
* Compare world statistics in seconds on computer, tablet or phone
* Frequent program versions with entire archive of daily releases online & viewable
* Plain vanilla Javascript, single dependency, JSON data, GitHub pages hosted


This project started on March 15th - a few days after the self quarantine started here in San Francisco. While looking for trackers and finding the Johns Hopkins University (JHU) [COVID-19 Dashboard]( https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6 ), I had discovered that JHU was making their COV1D-19 data readily available at no charge on their [GitHub repository]( https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19 ). A great feature of that data is that the data included latitude and longitude for each location - making the data easy to add to a map. A second feature was that the data may be considered authoritative= no fake news here.

On the other hand there are a number of issues with the JHU website. Looking at the maps, places with big circles overwhelm the places with little circle. Looking at the charts you can tell which are the biggest or smallest daa points are quite easily, but checking locations that are neighbors in the real world may require much scrolling up and down a table of numbers.

So because of the break from the normal rhythm of life, the easy access to great data and the issues with the visualizations I was looking at, my objective ws clear: design a way of looking at the COVID data is fast, easy and works wherever & whenever.

Also, given the isolation, the project had to be engaging and fun. A fun thing is to have results appear quickly, so I embarked on a mission to create a new version or release every day. So the mantras have been like "Release early. Release often", "Move fast and break things." and "Full speed ahead. Damn the torpedoes." Six weeks into the project there have been commits everyday and new versions almost every day.

The current status is that technically the project is being to settle down - with the assistance and  guidance of - Tania, Cynthia, Paul, Harald, Terry and others - a good number of the desired features are in place and beginning to work as expected.

There is, however, another aspect to the project that arrived as a "bolt from the blue", that changes everything and remains to be tackled in a proper way. This aspect arrived as a GitHub issue posted by Oleg Lavrovsky from Bern, Switzerland. The title of his message is "Expressions of Hope" and contains the following words: "I wonder if we could show positive tweets and expressions of hope and gratitude for the courage of health workers around the world."

Oleg's message changed everything about the project. The project must be more than a number delivery system. What you see must be more than just list quantities; what you see must provide insights into qualities. Fingers crossed that a working technical foundation and workflow begins to responds to Oleg's wish list. from "What you see is what you get" to "What you hoped for is what you are are seeing".
