# 2024-09-01-draft-eir.md

* EIR ~ residents points ~ van
* Me: side of house ~ walkability ~ parking ~ generator noise ~ wind tunnel
* Centenary: Laura ~ Wednesday
* Officers?
* Heritage Happenings

## notes

The Draft EIR is a two hundred page document. I spent an hour or so skimming the document. The report is highly procedural and repetitive.I find that the the report appears to be reasonably favorable toward the project. I find that the report presents no significant issues that would prevent the project from moving forward. The summary of the draft included in the draft is a fair representation of the report.

>The draft EIR finds that implementation of the proposed project would not lead to any significant and unavoidable project-level or cumulative impacts. The draft EIR provides a detailed project description, an analysis of physical environmental effects of the project, and identifies feasible mitigation measures and alternatives that would avoid or lessen the severity of project impacts.

## Hearing

The purpose of the public hearing is for the San Francisco Planning Commission and San Francisco Planning staff to receive comments on the adequacy and accuracy of the draft EIR. The commission will not respond
to any of the comments or take action on the project at this hearing. Certification of the Final EIR will be considered at a later hearing. Environmental review focuses on the physical environmental effects of the project. Comments regarding your like or dislike of the project or if you think officials should approve or disapprove the project will not be addressed in the environmental review document. Instead, we encourage you to provide these comments to the planner assigned to review the project for planning code and general plan compliance.

* Location: City Hall, 1 Dr Carlton B Goodlett Place, Room 400
* September 26, 2024, at 12 pm or later
