# 2025-07-15 Boys Club


Question: What legacy do you most hope to leave behind, and what has changed over time?

I have designed many things. Arguably, the best thing I've ever designed is my own life. Now that my life is drawing to an end, The obvious question is. what should I design?

The simple answer? My legacy, of course!

The mission

What is it that I leave behind that will help make me a good ancestor? What is it that I can do to help the world 500 years from now? What can I do to help my children be the best they can be? What good lessons can be learned from what I've done? What can I do to commemorate the good and not so deeds of my family?

The Vision

The lives of famous people are well documented. That is why they're famous. Very often evil people are even more famous. and even more documented.

My vision is that it is also good for people to know about the history of normal people. In any experiment, you want to know what is the baseline, what is the normal, what is the average.

By documenting my life and the life of my family's generations and the other people that I know, I'm helping create that baseline for the historian of the future.

## The resources

* Dozens of bank boxes crammed with documents going back five generations
* Dozens of photo and slide albums
* Dozens of paintings—some of which should be in museums
* Dozens of websites with gigabytes of personal, family, and friend-created content
* Dozens of boxes of artifacts, mementos, and treasures

## The goal

Digitize or photgraph everything.

Upload the data to the Internet Archive, GitHub and probably elsewhere

After that is complete:

Find new homes or trash everything

Make the data readily available for reuse and reappropriation.

Fingers crossed: Digital replicas, augmented reality venus, games, podcasts come out of this.

## Why

The lives of normal people can be fascinating — just as fascinating as the lives of the normal people in novels can be.

Unlike fictional works, the lives of real people can be documented and verified.

I have been a data hoarder since 1974. I started, perhaps, my mother had a habit of throwing out everything that was mine.

I have a good memory for facts and places and visual things. Seeing a photo reveals een more memories
