# Katie What does i feel like to be 78.

Living with my 75 closest friends at Heritage on the Marina where thr average age is nearly 90 years old, at a mere 78 I feel like a youngster.

This is in sharp contrast to my professional life. While I worked at Autodesk from the early Eighties to the late Mineties, I was older than all three CEOs and twenty or more years older than all the bosses I had.

After going out on my own and becoming a computer programmer, I was perhaps forty even fifty years older than the people I interacted with. At any tech gathering these days, I am what they now call an "OG" — one of the "Original Gangsters".

I have very mixed feelings, actually quite a deep angst about all this

With the young people, I am a mentor, an _eminence grise_, a wise elder. I listen to them explain what they are doing. I watch their demos. Almost immediately, I am adding and helping. I can tell them about the history and background of the problem they are trying to solve. I can inspire them by explaining some of the algorithms and practices could be enhanced by a better understanding of the paradigm they are building upon. I m being useful, supportive and generous.

In other words, I am a modern version of the classical "village elder" who taught the young how to make arrowheads and sharpen their plows.

In all of this, I ask "Why?". Where are the others like me? Who in this modern world of old people living apart from the younger people are the role models. How can we be useful to and have agency with our children and all our descendants?

What will I be doing when I grow old?



