# Next Village

## Links

* https://nextvillagesf.org/how-we-help/
* https://nextvillagesf.org/member-application/
* https://www.youtube.com/@NEXTVillageSF

### NEXT Village SF

* PO Box 330278,
* 704 Filbert ~https://maps.app.goo.gl/CCAaQyeyfrr3R4ne7
* San Francisco, CA 94133
* 415.888.2868
* info@nextvillagesf.org
* hone Tree: 415-301-3742

## More

* 299 members
* 2473 service requests in 2024
* 200 + volunteers

## Insights

* Casket viewings: bring your own makeup
* Essential trips: $$ for taxis
* Next Village: NE SF ~ SF Village: Mw & SW SF

## WhatsApp

* Dance ~ https://chat.whatsapp.com/DW79pyWlBPVERVyhuTg8RD
* Foodies ~ https://chat.whatsapp.com/JgtCs9YQUDQKcGWctap427
* Exercise and fitness ~ https://chat.whatsapp.com/KLd0fV2RgHZKrgD8ESlCbX
* Health and well being ~ https://chat.whatsapp.com/Gu1EOWNpC9f4ILuVXfuYvr
* Movies ~ https://chat.whatsapp.com/HAYC6ciNphw9zxCh6izwVF
* Museums and arts ~ https://chat.whatsapp.com/IIFQLEyxNQSIkpbrPB8jHm
* Music ~ https://chat.whatsapp.com/IsbKASlUQb4EqEOBVFjzmP
* Events ~ https://chat.whatsapp.com/FxuA38ZtkYpDr9mGJbBdbl


## Jacqueline Jones: Executive Director


## Admin

* Anamary Ehlen
* Office Manager
* anamary@nextvillagesf.org
* 415-299-1825

## Volunteer Coordinator

### Camille Kelem
Hey. Hello. What's up? Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. But I always found what what was in there was informative and interesting. And I also learned something new. Yeah right. III hear you but. Am I supposed to argue back if that's what 4 people said? No. So there you are. I had to change the format. Many, many people agree with you, especially people from the outside. Umm, you're not alone. Uh, but it was just interesting that I was being dumped on, and I think I did a pretty good job of of undumping it. Well, I just. It was, yeah, right. Yeah, I was. I was really hurt. You had to be. You put your, you know. Yeah, well, I said I would. Yeah, yeah, we can't write. But these are old people. I think they have as much ADHD as anybody else. Yeah, and it was. And and they're **** because one of the people said, you know, I I'm really good at skimming through articles. So what they didn't like were the long stories from Margaret Johnson about her Ola homes. They were repetitive over the months, and they definitely don't like duck hunting stories. But there you are. I mean, I had it hurt, but you have. You can't just say, well, no, I'm going to keep on doing. I am what I am. If you're listening, listening to your readership, you got to do something. Yeah. Do not just argue back, we have to find agreement. And we're really glad I came up with that. You know, with that this is an obstacle, this is a bad thing. And I turned it into an opportunity. And the dude people are really liking the two columns. And I think they like the short articles. And Margaret Johnson understand that she's going to write shorter articles, so. It's learning experience for her. So you know, on the whole it was pretty good, but. Having said that I've been thinking I'm kind of fed up with doing this because it's on paper. I'm going to, I have I've always had a website and I may go back to blogging and putting it on the web and doing things like that and saying, you know, if you're on paper **** it, you know go and get somebody to put it out for you. But I'm, I'm a web person. I'm going to go to the web. So I'm thinking I'm going to be talking to the CEO on Monday and I may just put it to her that you know give my finger to the print edition and and just go completely digital and then. That means I can, sort of. Blog and post whenever it's it's ready and people would just go to the blog and read all the new articles and things like that. So it would be much more of my alley and I might continue doing it for another year or two. Yes, and. Also make it available so that if some of the residents. Want it? Put it out for them? There's a way that it can be done for them. You're right. And I don't know how to do that. So do I care before? Do I have to wait until I figure that out first? Right. I'm just going to go and do it, and if somebody wants to print it out, you know, you can go to a web page. Brett, we know that and most of the and and so it would work but to print out the whole issue or a month of writing. You know that this probably a way of doing that and I could probably, you know, get AI to figure it out for me one day, but I'm not going to wait until that happens. Before starting doing this, I'm just going to put my middle finger up and say to you paper people your old fogies, I'm finished with you guys. OK. I'm hearing you being angry, which I totally yeah. Yeah right. No, I'm. I'm laughing as I I'm no, you didn't see me smiling and and laughing as I say that OK. I'm being so more self self deprecated. You know of course these, these, these. I'm thinking as I said that I was thinking, I was thinking of Tucker, Tucker Ingham and who who doesn't have any device and and when he writes his articles I have to transcribe it into text. So he said total paper person. I hope he continues writing and somebody else will print it out for him. But you know I sort of was imagining giving him the finger as I'm saying that to him. Hear they can hear. You can have either printed form or online, right? And the online is done through the website. Yeah. Well, that's how you you got. That's how you get my link. Yeah. The link is on Heritage Happenings website OK. It's been on for almost ever since you got it. I used to attach it from time to time. It's been attached, but it's been a link now for probably a year. And all all of the old articles are there but. I would say if you go to Heritage Habits, .github.Io and whatever you you, you get up. Issues and so on and so forth but. The new ones won't be, you know. Now there it all comes out as a neat PDF and every properly paginated. But if I move over to a blog, the articles will be as long as short as you want, and there'll be a front page and whatever. So it won't be, it won't be easily printable. Just, I mean web pages aren't and you can't, you can't go to, you can't go to the New York Times today and say give me all the articles from today and print them out. But you, I mean probably could and they should probably have that future. Show me all of today's articles and let me print them. Oh my God was your be your printer, it'd be your printer. It's not their program, so if you need to do it for somebody. Yeah, right. Yeah, right. I know you don't. You don't. Read when I sent you reply. Yeah, yeah, I do. Yeah, you. I do. I agree. I was just **** Yeah, me too. Yeah. Alright, good. And you know, I didn't want to make it too harsh on them because, I mean, they're the committee, right? That we meet every month. I can't be nasty to them. And it's surprise not one of them has said I'm sorry. You know, they don't read it very well. That's another thing. Or whatever. Or they they, they are who they are. Yeah, I have to tell you, I read they have. Newsletter, but I hope we can find alright, alright, yeah, uh. Can I just look at the little bits and I sort of skim over it, right? Right. Can you send me a link to it? Please send me a link to it if you can. I can't. It's really really difficult. Other. Retirement community newsletters, they're all paper, they're all private, they're all secretive. It's really difficult to see what the competition is doing. I mean, I think yours is much better than ours, but how do I know that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No. Yeah. But I'm saying we've got 400 people. Yeah, right. And we're adding another hundred more. Or 7080 more, right? Wow. Right, yeah. In the 4 story tower, right, yeah. It's gonna be finished in February OK, so. So you know. Anyway, right. Bright and Shut 0, Tony. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know, yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah, I know that. You're right. Yeah. Yeah, you know, yeah. Not having my friends is really. Yeah, right. You know, yeah, and not having any. That I moved here. Yeah, yeah, right. I sold my stuff. I'm on one floor, right? And I'm gonna retire. So, you know, in a place that's. Turn around and make itself OK. Yeah. Uphill struggle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And freaking 7. Yeah, yeah. You know why yours is so much better? We don't have the. Immigrants from the from the Latinos, right. Yeah, right, right. We've got mainly blacks and all they know is Southern food, right? Yeah. Wonderful. Not kind guarantee on this, yeah? Right. Yeah, right. And you know it'll work itself, right? Yeah. I hear you. Yeah, right. Nothing but old people. Right. Yeah, yeah, that is. Alright what else OK and and at 5:00 I'm, I'm scheduled schedule myself to leave because I go down Chestnut Street I'm still gonna make you jealous walk down Chestnut street and I go see my friend Dillon. Dillon is a lady who's a proprietor of French cheese store. So I'm gonna have I'm gonna have three she cuts up the cheeses into little cubes and a 3 piles three piles and I've done this before three piles of cheese. Little cubes of hard cheeses or medium cheeses and a glass of red wine sitting out looking at all the beautiful people walking by. Yeah, OK. I will send a picture. I know note yeah oh OK so I I've got I've got to go pee before I go so and it's 450 I'll send you a photo OK. Oh, thank you. Yeah, yeah, me too. And I, you know, I'm, I'm glad and I'm glad. I'm glad. I even thought of sharing that because that helped mitigate, you know, go, you know, overcome the whole thing is that I could share this in a public way that was not hurtful to anybody. Yeah. So if you. Made other people aware of what they've done. Many of had, you know, 20 comments from different people, mostly out, mostly my the outside readers. Who read? Who have read and understood it? Almost no. You know, a few residents, two or three residents may have said read it and understood, but you know, really a lot of old people here, you know, average age over 90. And if they do read it, they can't remember that, but they've read. Anyway, now I'm. Laughing. I really have to pick, right? OK Love you Tanya. Bye. 1. I. Hey, Cortana. He's busy. I. London. Every day. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, Cortana. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I'm here, OK. Hey, Cortana. Hey, Cortana. Hey, Cortana. Hey, Cortana. OK. I. Hello. Wonderful. I heard you went to a bar, is that right? Two boys? When I was young, I was an introvert. Now when I go to work, it's really strange, yeah. I did it, man. Hey, Cortana. Hey, Cortana. Hey, Cortana. I. What a nice evening exclamation point. What a nice evening exclamation point. I left around 5 and. Start walk down to La Formaggi. Wearing my new. Jean jacket. Period. Stopped and talked about to inna about. My new ear plugs. That stop sound so well, period. Walked down Chestnut Street. Period. Listening to my new listening to my A 40 headphones. Listen to the news headlines. Period walked into LA from Majerie. Said hello to Dylan, but it was too late to stop there. So I walked back to California Wine Merchant. And sat way down at the end. Started typing, period. But soon. Vince and Adrian came in and we talked for a couple of hours. Period. A ton of bonding. Comma talking about life. Comma and pleasure and happiness. Comma. And why? Especially Binoverdi. And. The architecture of Spain and tapas and things, nothing too tactical or deep, but Vince did want to talk about philosophy and the meaning of life and afterlife and all of that sort of thing. Also chit chat with Greg comma Chelsea, comma Kyler, comma Gaspar and the New Person, period. The main thing it was an upbeat ongoing. Quite connected feeling dialog. Period. We're in the midst of having fun, and we knew we were having fun. Period. We are in the midst of pleasure and we felt we were enjoying the pleasure. Pleasure for the sake of pleasure. Period. Intentional pleasure. Period. You know, in a place, and you're meant to have fun and comma, you make it happen. Is that a thing? Question mark. Anyway, it's what I seem to do. Period. I walk into her joint. And make one or two or three people happy. Period for an hour or two. Period. Why and how does this happen? Question mark? Is it a gift I have? Question mark. Is it because I ask lots of curious questions? Question mark. Which I was like, I should not do with people I know. They're tired of the questions, period. I must tell them things they did not know, period. So is this a bar thing? Comma. A stranger thing? A new found friend thing? Question mark quite probably exclamation point. And then I went on to the shoe comma. Ryan was there, so I went in. Period. Eventually, Tyler. Comma and Sophie showed up and Brian and watch him in Italy as well. His brother, period. We ended up having a shot of Minch Kapinchka or something. Colon insert colon 101 proof peppermint thing. Which they said was awful comma, which I thought was actually quite fun. Anyway. I'm now thinking about how I do this comma. Why I do this comma? And does it serve any useful purpose? Question mark? Why I do this column? Because it is a bucket of fun, period. You begin to believe your own **** So if you start making people happy. It makes you happy. Period. Interview around young Eppullian joyful people. Comma, of course, comma. It's gotta make you happy. Yep. How do I do this? Question mark. I listened to some words. Period. I pick up on the words and probably repeat them. Period tonight, the young lady said. Vino Verde. Period. Well, I know Vienna Verde. I have a ton of questions, period. Questions that maybe from left field? Comma, whatever that means. Period. I guess they realize that I'm trying to get into their space, come into their lives, period. But soon we're just talking, talking, talking. Period. It turns out I can do this almost anywhere, any time period. Sorry. Is this magic skill any good? Question mark, maybe question mark. But the main thing is. So I can just do it and turn it on. Period. Whereas when I was young I could not. Period. And most of all cannot so. How did I gain this superpower? Question mark. Did I always have this question mark or did it just? Announced itself recently. Period. And the last thought is colon. Doesn't this serve any purpose? Question mark? Am I really helping anybody? Question mark. Can this do anything useful? Question mark? What is a open quote? Twerp close quote? Question mark. Just supposed to go to bed because you know my exercise. Really good. Boring. Boring. Boring, boring, boring. Of course it does comma. I've had a little bit of meaning or thoughtfulness or reflection to somebody's life. Of course it does comma. In these encounters comma I have added a bit of meaning comma purpose, comma, humor to summaries. Intend a meeting in a closed place which would otherwise be quiet and not have much communication. Period. We can do this OK. As you get older comma you get wiser. Period. I can see a lot of old people around here. That are no wiser than anybody else, and because of memory issues, maybe even less so. Period. I counted that observation. With my own observation of myself. Period. I am much wiser. Comma have a broader perspective and much more forgiving. Than it was when I was 50. Can I prove that? Can I document that? Comma probably not likely. But sitting in this chair as I am right now. I say I am a better person than I was when I was 50. Period. OK. Well, better is difficult, but I'm not the same person. Period. I have developed and grown in a multitude of ways in the past 2025 years. Period. I assume that not many people have. This may be some basis of my specialty. Period. Many people stay the same kind of person and have the same kind of phrasing and ideology and chitchat that they did in their 70s that they did when they were in their 50s. Period. But me? Come, I'm exceptional, and so of course I have to have different ways of thinking. Period. Ha ha. Period. Of Golden Gateway. It's no. It's now nearly midnight. Come and I'm still here. Period. I guess the interesting thing is that cults insert column. I still want to write. I still want to jot down some text that is meaningful to me, comma or somebody else at some time in the future. Nonetheless, comma the events of this evening. Were as auspicious or. As relevant or important. As ever, period. Or maybe not so comma. What I'm looking for is something that propels me. Not just not just receives me, propels me. Into some future period. Hey. But propels me somehow into the future. So I am thinking about stopping being the publisher of the Herod Sharpening's paper edition. Period. I would like to go. Up to the web version of what I'm doing. Period. I would like to be able to publish whenever I want. Documents that can be any length whatsoever without watching watching over pagination period. Hey, Cortana. Hey, Cortana. A good evening All in all. Hey, good evening All in all. Period got me thinking period. Unfortunately, kept me up a bit too late until 12:30. Before I started going to bed. Poo. We're so lucky to be able to do these things. No, dude. Hey, Cortana. Hey, Cortana. Hey, Cortana. Home. Hey, hey. 1. Hey, Cortana. Hey. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Am I in my world now? Goodnight. Here we go. We haven't said goodnight, computer. 
* camille@nextvillagesf.org
* 415-574-0156


## Donna Booher: D2 University / Library

* 11:30 ~ 11/11 lunch
* https://www.linkedin.com/in/donnabooher/




