# 2023-10-26 Meeting


## Jeff

* Mary remote ~ email
* permit phase
* photo shoot ~ Kevin
* doors
* internet routers per apt
* 2 move ins
* main tch
* health dir RN


## Secretary Report

* Pamela taking notes
* Heritage Happenings: looking good
* Volunteers needed.
* Participation wanted ~ like mary

## Employee Appreciation Fund

The Employee Appreciation Fund is a fund that is used to give bonuses to the staff at the end of the year.

The fund is managed by the Residents Council.

The fund is supported by donations from residents and their families.

The fund goes to the people who do the work we really appreciate: making beds, washing dishes, hanging picture, changing bandages, taking out the garbage -

many of the things we disliked doing when we lived in our own homes.

The fund is the only way we can truly show our appreciation to the hardwaorking deserving staff.

So what is the current status of the Employee Appreciation Fund?

From previous years.

Jon Casey figures:

2020 $99,000
2021 $64,000
2022 $93,000

Jon Casey: Asked for figures on Wednesday, No response as of Friday today.

Range of donations: $10 to $20,000

Some donations are the bequests of residents that have passed away.

Some donations are from guests of residents who stayed in the guestroom.

What is a typical donation but my guess is a $1000 or more


Make checks payable to Heritage on the Marina memo: Employee Appreciation Fund


## Emergency Button Pendent Response

Before SNF closing, pendent answered by the SNF staff.

Now, pendent answered by answered by Henderson Clinic.

Maybe there are issues.

Margaret Johnson reports that after a fall, it took a longs time for the Henderson Clinic to respond. She said it felt like hours.

She fell around 6 pm. Typically this is the time when the CNA staff are out helping residents.

During this period, the door to th Henderson Clinic is locked.

There is Nobody inside the Henderson Clinic to respond to the buzzer

Two questions - one for us and one for the staff:

1. Have any of you had a similar experience?

2. What is new the policy to respond to the pendent? What happens when there is nobody in the Henderson Clinic to respond to the pendent?


## Cottage Possibilities

From my apartment, I can see the cottage. I see that the cottage is empty most of th time.

From my perspective as an architect, an empty building is a waste of resources. it's sad

Gene Graham: "Rent it out" Make some money!

Good idea. But, I think we should consider other possibilities.

Will send handout "Garden Cottage: Possible Updates & Uses"


## Morgan Parlor Furniture

Circulation issues with big chairs & table.

What about Christmas Tree? Not enough room.

What do we want?

Better research on our needs and wants

I would like to prepare a list of requirements for the Morgan Parlor:

* that the residents would like to see.
* That we can share with the staff and the board.

Uses: Games, puzzles, reading, conversation, watching performances, cocktail parties, Christmas Tree

Suggestions:

Chairs with arms that are easy to move.

Tables that are good for games and puzzles and are easy to move

Style: Not Hyatt hotel style. Not too modern. Not too traditional.

Metropolitan Club. Yacht Club. University Cub.

Remember: Marketing to new residents. What do they want?

