# 2023-09-24 Patrick ~ Dinner Table Topics

Agenda for September Residents Council

## New members

* Kathy, Pam & Rod
* Wll they be invited to Officers' meetings this year?

## Employee Appreciation Fund

* If figures come in from Jon, I will publish in October Heritage Happenings

### Possible questions for Cortez

* What are your duties?
* What are your goals?
* What are your plans?
* What are your challenges?
* What are your joys?
* How do you manage all the issues?
* How do you keep track of all the issues?
* How can we help you?
* How can we be your eyes and ears?


## "Free" wine

### Potential Political Blunder?

* Stopping the service is likely to be unwelcome topic
* Introduction by new officer could be tricky
* Officer wil not get a good welcome

### Policy

* Residents Council serves as eyes and ears
* It is not our role to manage or even to suggest how to manage

### Opens a can of worms

* All the ways money could be "saved"
* Wine at parties
* Activities and other events attended by only a few
* "Free" Internet and cable TV ~ what about those who don't use them?

### Possibility

* Refer to the Finance Committee?


### Unintended consequences

* "Free" wine is a HotM marketing tool

## Cottage uses

* My list?

## Jeff

Theo will contact

* Doors
* Key to Cottage
* HotM servers
* Recycling Contractor informational
* HotM Servers from basement to cloud: any progress
* Door updates: dates?

## Karina

* Letter of thanks ~ Theo to draft

## Melissa

* Townhall Zoom recoding & transcript

## Patrick

## Collaboration

* Essential to copy others
* Essential to reply to all
* essential to keep the subject line
* Essential to report to others

## TV channel instructions

* ;-)

