# 2024-11-25 Mary

## Pine Park

* I am all for reexamining the relationship and exploring alternatives.
* How can I help?
* Or should I just go to UCSF geriatric myself?

### Adore

* The onsite, aging-in-place service
* The counseling has been useful
* The referrals to specialists have been good
* Health Information Exchange has been just OK

### Gripes

* Web site is a very lightweight marketing site.
* There is no contract, no terms of service, no privacy policy
* Patient portal is a joke
* I don't see any evidence of great technology, AI

### Outcome

* Talk to Martha and Vada?


## Hector

* I want to serve as eyes and ears ~ reporting not managing
* In four years only Kathy but she refuses
* Monthly meetings with Hector, 40 minutes or so, documented and shared

### Outcome

* Me email Hector, copy you asking to set up a schedule


### Adore Hector

* Hector is enthusiastic and responsive

### Gripes

* Nobody on Board of Directors seems to have Construction or Engineering experience

### BTW

* Perry Bay Street stairs are 44.25" wide
* Perry Francisco Street stats are 44.5" wide

## Heritage Happenings

* I am working in a vacuum. Who could I liaise with?
* Is there an association of resident newsletters?
* In any case: way beneath my pay grade
* Paying my niece $500 for to 3 or 4 pages of the content


## Next Village

Three steps

## Lighting

* December 6: Glow SF

## Not talking

* Activities
* Website
* Residents Manual
* TouchTown
* Apartment 238
* Communications
* Lighting
