# 2024-05-22 Obstacles

Obstacles are interesting things.

An obstacle can be a pointing the way toward seeing what is wrong with something. If you remove it, then your way is clear to proceed.

But an obstacle can also be a pointing to the wrong thing - a warning sign to something to be avoided. "Here be dragons" as the old maps used to say.Coincidentally, comma Ray Eisenberg is coming for dinner. Congratulations on the Teo Amor show. Yeah, right. Which I think the more to go up and yes, it's good. Yeah. That's an amazing stuff. I like it. Good. That raises the human level and that's what it's all about. Yes, right. Having fun? Yes. Update. on the down door and all that. Oh, okay. There's a big resistance from the heritage and not to have anything. Okay You know, we could do it, but there's all kind of conditions and all this other stuff. I think the best thing is this particular time to if there's very great interest in all that, then we might. absolutely don't want to be involved. It's a red line as far as even if we had all of them And then unwilling. Yeah, right. Yeah. It's just that somebody I know. Yes, but I want things to happen. And and I don't want people to say always. No, no, no, no to everything. Well, I am a sad that. But I'm just II understand they feel themselves could be in jeopardy. Of course. Especially with this uh. Strategic plan? No, no, I don't. I understand. I understand. I just wish we could do more things. Yeah, So we're in good fun. Well, I'm not talking about politics. Yeah, I just want the board to be doing more things. Tea parties for my, you know, our. not a waste of time, but, I mean, they don't really get you anywhere. Well, we've got nearly $2000 for the employee. which is nice. It's just nice, right? I mean, the heritage is very kindly sponsoring, right? That's right. Yeah. So, uh, so in the end it, you know, they probably spend it, you know, $1000 on the one and things. Yeah. So it's not $2000 to the heritage. It is less, yeah. Yeah. But it'll go to the employees. They will go to the employees, right. Yeah. Which is not. Yes. Yeah. And we're very, very kind generally Contributions, which people are not going to come, but they you were great. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So right. You know, that's very nice. Yeah, it is. Yeah. I just wish something. is something that helped the world. You know, something that brings people in. I mean, I guess we have two guests coming, right Two outsiders or maybe, maybe take this a few, right? Yeah. And hopefully they're possible inmates. Yeah. Yeah, you don't know. Yeah. All right. But keep at it, Patrick. Let's. But let's find something, you know, more. You know, we were talking about happiness yesterday and and, you know, you were talking about you know, contributing to the world, doing something big. So I want something bigger. tell you. I'm never satisfied. I know. I know. I'm happy anyway. Yeah. 0 that's good. Yeah. You have lots of toys to play with. Exactly. So that should keep you heavy for all or a little. I don't know what? Yes. Or you get the new things. That's right. Yeah. And they're coming in. That's right. The new Microsoft computer. I'm going to get a new one for this. Oh, you are. Yeah. Yeah. Oh well. I mean, there's always something to play with It keeps us busy. Yeah, it does. I'm going to get some lunch. Good. 0 yes, that's I've got to do that too. OK I'm good you finished lunch, I'm just going home. I'll see you down there Youtube. Hey Cortana Oops. I just remembered I have a lunch to go to On Friday Thursday. Comma Saturday. Friday evening. All good 

Be careful in choosing yor obstacles

Henry Ford’s quote: “If I had asked my customers what they wanted they would have said a faster horse” springs to mind"

Ditto the serenity prayer: “God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.”

