# WSD PLE JH

## WSD Next Year ~ a glimpse ~ 2024-05

What will WSD look like in a year? Here is a dream.

Alex is near completion with his Peace Corps training. He will ship out to Ghana in a few weeks. His daughters will stay with him over their summer vacation. They will return to the US in August to live with their mother. Alex will be in Ghana for two years. He will return to the US in 2026.

Noah has been CEO of WSD for a year. He is in the process of transitioning to Pyxl CIO. Noah is extremely busy transitioning PyxL customers from GoDaddy to DigitalOcean servers.

WSD is down to 5 full-time employees and 3 part-time. WSD is still losing money, but the losses are less than they were a year ago. All the employees are transitioning to being freelancers associated with Pyxl.

The big push is driving the Pyxl team into building AI-powered web applications with Laravel / https://cubettech.com/resources/blog/building-ai-powered-web-applications-with-laravel/. The immediate goal is to help realtors guide their clients through the home buying process. The long term goal is to build platforms that will help all Pyxl clients.

Many WSD customers - particularly the realtors - are delighted with the guidance and support from Pyxl in the up-sell to the HubSpot CRM. Pyxl and WSD engineers are working to together to build Matterport 3D tours into the HubSpot CRM. The goal is to make it easy for realtors to create 3D tours of their listings and to embed the tours in their HubSpot CRM.

Pyxl has more than doubled its existing client count. Compass and Golden have increased their retainers and have added new projects.

All staff work remotely. Arrangements have been made with Compass to supply temporary offices as needed. Especially when Pyxl execs need to visit the Bay Area - which it turns out is frequently. Pyxl employees receive a staff discount when they stay at a Golden property.

Alex and Noah both own 1% of Pyxl. Alex and Mark McLaughlan are both members of the Pyxl board of directors. Alex will Zoom while in Ghana. Noah is a member of the Pyxl executive team.

The WSD board of directors has been disbanded. Noah and Alex are in touch with PLE, JH and TA from time-to-tim on a casual basis.



## Alex

For decades, Alex has persevered in the quest for a successful management team. Dozens of peeps have been involved. We have know many of them - and that includes each of us.

For sure, Alex may have scuttled his own chances by being too demanding. Nonetheless, somewhere out there in the real world, there are people that might have complemented Alex's skills and made WSD a success.

The luck of the draw is that none of the prospects panned out. WordPress was founded in 2003. GoDaddy was founded in 1997. WSD was founded in 1995. With a different shuffle Alex might have been Bob Parsons or Matt Mullenweg. But he just ended up with Alex.


## Noah tasks

* Noah's time for the next few weeks (months) will be taken up by learning the billing process and more
* Unless Joe pulls a rabbit out of his hat, WSD not be making many if any sales.
* Without a sales pipeline, WSD will lose increasing amounts per month as time goes on
* In no way do I see Noah as having the charisma, drive or skills to be a Bob Parsons or Matt Mullenweg let alone Alex. I have no feeling or optimism that a company led by Noah would need or profit from a board of directors such as the one we have now


## Pyxl & WSD Fit

Pyxl could be a superb fit
* They have sales, front end, user experience expertise, Yale MBA CFO, remote experience

WSD
* Cloud hosting expertise
* Lengthy historical client list
* Star clients: Golden, Compass, McLaughlin, Santana,Puzzle
* Anything else


## WSD Observations


### DigitalOcean
DigitalOcean do the heavy lifting for WSD. They are the ones that have the servers, the data centers, the bandwidth, the security, the backups, the monitoring, the support, the billing, etc. WSD is in mny ways just a reseller.

### Staff Generally

* Secretive
* No observable pride in their skills; no showing off; no visible pride
* No mission or vision

### Noah
* Noah: crucial but tiny aspect of WSD
* Apparently skilled at what he does, but what he does may not be critical

### Team members

* The other day Alex pointed out that half the staff are at 50% capability.
* My feeling: it's always like this
* Team members are "salaried workers"
* No visible online presences, hutzpah, drive, etc.

