# 2024-11-27-today

On July 22 I sent an e-mail to my favorite architectural bookstore in the world these days: William Stout on Montgomery St just down from where I lived in the Gateway. Here are the first few sentences:

>Hello William Stout Architectural Books

>I treasure the memories of your wonderful premises.

>I have about 20 bookshelf feet of books on architecture, architectural rendering, history of architecture, construction, design, and art.

I stated that I could donate these books for their benefit. Secondhand bookstores are a tough business. I wanted to do my bit to support the industry.

After a while I received a delightful reply saying that they would be delighted to have a look at the books, but unfortunately, they were currently being rehabilitated and there was no room for books at the moment, but I should get in touch again in October. October came around and the dialog was reignited. I was in very friendly touch with Angelika Ingham a cousin of my neighbors Tucker and Charmly Ingham it turns out.

Anyway, it took a while but finally it was agreed that today I would meet Eric Heywood the new proprietor of the bookstore at the storage.

I can't tell you how excited I was. I googled this person, and he is an expert. At last, I could find a wonderful new home for all my architectural books. It was even agreed that any books that they did not want would go to the Internet Archive. A dream comes true.

He arrived at storage just before me and we got along instantly. I took him to the storage unit opened it up and we had a look at all the books. He opened some of them and looked at them and he went up and down the shelves acting very curiously.

We started to talk about the books. He was looking at the book of Diderot Encyclopedia illustrations.

To make a long story short: he was not interested in a single book.

And I fully understand his reasoning. People buy books written in English. They really do not buy books even in Chinese or any other foreign language. Textbooks are of no interest. Old bestsellers are not of interests. Contemporary small print run books of high quality are of interest.

Despite this minor roadblock we were having a very engaging conversation. I could see that the books were not a good thing to talk about. So, I said let's go and have a cup of coffee. He happily agreed.

Well, guess what, around my storage area there are no coffee shops. So, we walked and we walked — down Mission Street to 5th Street. Talking all the way about architecture, the Eames Institute of which he is highly involved with. But primarily he was describing how the area that I used lived in, Jackson Square, is becoming the trendy area in this city. He is very involved with the Johnny Ive's project to revitalize Jackson square. Ives designed the iPhone and many other products for apple and Steve Jobs. We talked about the copy paste architecture that seems to be happening now and that I helped inaugurate and introduce to the world with AutoCAD.

In doing this we were working walking through street after street people that are described in a previous e-mail. Hundreds of people sitting in the streets.

Eventually the first place we found was a Carl's Junior at Market and Powell. And so that's where we stopped for a cup of coffee. And it turns out I've never had a Carl's Junior burger, and he knew them well. So, I had my first Carl's Junior bacon burger and a cup of coffee, and he had onion rings. All delicious. And we talked for another hour.

Eventually it was time for him to go home and he got his Uber. Then I called for my uber. As it was arriving, I went out the door, checked the arrival on my phone and the phone was snatched from my possession.

Two sad things and one good thing.

We live in interesting times.


