# 2023-07-06 Residents Council Minutes

## Action Item #1: False Fire Alarms

Margaret Johnson raised the issue of false fire alarms.

During the meeting she said


By email she wrote

When the alarm went off at 6 am, those of us in Assisted Living expected either a message over the intercom or someone in person to assist us to  vacate the building, OR ,at least, tell us what was going on. None of this  happened.

 I was told hours later that it was a false alarm, that the intercom was not working, and that no one knew how to turn off the alarm.

Is there no Emergency Guard here at night? Did anyone have the authority  and prescence of mind to send nurses, or other staff to assist and inform residents? Why was there no explanation made to all residents in the following days, or even any mention of the false alarm to everyone? Indeed, except for my question in the Council Meeting, nothing has yet been explained.

When the elevators are out of order, it is a true emergency for Residents trapped in their rooms. I was told that the residents were expected to come down to breakfast to get information.


## Background on the alarm problem

There are three issues with the recent false alarm.

1. Alarms generated by faulty equipment
2. Alarms not being terminated in a timely manner
3. Residents not being informed of the status of the alarm


### Action 1.1: Alarms generated by faulty equipment

The recent false alarm was the **third** in which the sound was continuous and no verbal message was delivered over the intercom. It has been reported that each time the alarm was set off by a faulty sensor that monitors water delivery.

The RC officers would like to view a copy of a report from the alarm system maintenance company that describes the cause of the alarm and the steps taken to prevent a recurrence. The copy is solely to be used as evidence of satisfactory resolution to the issue and shall not in any way to be construed as interference. The report may be redacted as necessary.


### Action 1.2: Alarms not being terminated in a timely manner

The recent false alarm endured for something like twenty minutes. It has been reported that Heritage on the Marina staff and San FranciscoFire Department staff were confused about who was responsible for terminating the alarm.

The RC officers would like to view a copy of the protocol issued by Heritage on the Marina management to staff on the steps to take in order to terminate an alarm in a timely manner. The copy of the protocol is to be used solely as evidence of satisfactory resolution to the issue and shall not in any way to be construed as interference. The report may be redacted as necessary.


### Action 1.3: Residents not being informed of the status of the alarm

Margaret Johnson's email describes the distress that residents experienced when they were not informed of the status of the alarm.

The RC officers would like to view a copy of a report from Heritage on the Marina staff on the steps taken to prevent a recurrence. The copy is to be used solely as evidence of satisfactory resolution to the issue and shall not in any way to be construed as interference. The report may be redacted as necessary.



## Action Item #2: "Bills for Bandages" ~ Charges for Medical Supplies

Fred Wentker raised the issues of medical supplies.

During the meeting he said:

"I have had some serious injuries by falls. I have had some bad cuts. I have had some large bandages. I have never been billed, never.  I keep hearing words to the effect that the coverage for medical care for A patients does not include "supplies".

By email he wrote

I have  been pondering this issue for several weeks and am not sure that Mary is right in charging this cost.  What is medical coverage if it doesn’t include all reasonable and necessary “supplies” for this medical care?

We need to discuss this issue.  I think we should contact the ombudsman and then the state agency that approves the contract.

I do not want to do this as an individual but think we all need official clarification. Just because some other homes agree with Mary is irrelevant - issue is rights under our contract.

### Background on the supplies problem

Fred's observations are an added issue to the ongoing issue of paying for housekeeping supplies.

The following requests to staff cover both house keeping and medical supplies.


### Action 2.1: Housekeeping Supplies Documentation Request

Heritage staff prepare a table listing the contracts, levels of care and typical charging structure for housekeeping supplies to be provided:

Suggested format for the table might include the following:
* "Grace and Favor": Housekeeping supplies at no extra charge
* "A" Life Care
  * Independent living: Housekeeping supplies charge donated by resident
  * Assisted living: all Housekeeping supplies at no extra charge
* "C" Continuing Care
  * Independent living: housekeeping supplies charge donated by resident
  * IL+: housekeeping supplies at no extra charge
  * Assisted living ~ Levels 1 through 4: housekeeping supplies at no extra charge

The above table may also include data for different types of housekeeping supplies.

There are many ways to present the information. The above is just a suggestion.


### Action 2.2: Housekeeping Supplies Simple Charges

Heritage establishes simple standing monthly charges for housekeeping charges. The charges are paid as part of the monthly fee - similar to the way that the cost of beverages and guest meals is included in the monthly fee. Something like $5? $8 $10? per month for TP?

Annually residents will be asked to respond to the question: "Do you wish to opt out of housekeeping supplies provided by Heritage on the Marina?"


### Action 2.3: Housekeeping Supplies Voluntary Participation

Housekeeping supplies charges for new residents are mandatory.

Housekeeping supplies charges for existing residents are listed as optional donations. Existing residents may opt out of the housekeeping supplies charges if they so wish even if they choose to have supplies delivered.

Annually residents will be asked to respond to the question:

"Do you wish to opt out of the housekeeping supplies donation to Heritage on the Marina?"


### Action 2.4: Medical Supplies Documentation Request

Heritage staff draft a table listing the contracts, levels of care and typical charging structure for medical supplies to be provided to residents.

A suggested format for the table might be similar to the table for housekeeping supplies.

The table need not be complete. It is just a guideline for the types of supplies that may be provided to residents.


### Action 2.5: Housekeeping and Medical Supplies Feedback Prior to Release

Prior to releasing the text of any of the above options, Heritage staff will review the text with the officers of the Residents Council.

It is hoped that any text released to residents will be clear and unambiguous to residents.

It is hoped that any text released to residents will be with the officers total agreement
.


***

### Housekeeping and Medical Supplies Background

The following text is for RC Officers and Heritage on the Marina staff only. It is not intended for release to residents.

The intent is to help Heritage on the Marina staff to to provide guidance to RC officers as to whether we all are (mostly at least) on the same page regarding an understanding of the complexity of the underlying issues.


### Historical Perspective: Household Supplies

In the past, Heritage has provided many household supplies to residents at no charge. During the pandemic, availability and take up by residents increased. The cost of these supplies was included in the monthly fee.

Now that the pandemic is over, Heritage staff intends to reduce the cost of these supplies by charging residents for them.

Any updates to HotM policies **must** take these precedents into account


### Historical Perspective: Medical Supplies

In the past, Heritage has provided many medical supplies to residents at no charge. Some people use a walking stick provided by a medical professional. Some people use a walking stick provided by Heritage. Some people buy their own walking sticks. It is likely that every resident has had some supplies provided at no charge by Heritage and while other residents purchased their own supplies. There are no simple guidelines here.


### Household and Medical Supplies: What are they?

Here is a list of household and medical supplies that may be provided by Heritage to residents. This list is not complete. It is just a sample items that may or may not be offered to a resident depending on their status.


* Toilet paper, Tissues, Paper towels,
* Hand soap, Dish soap, Shampoo, Conditioner, Body wash
* Toothpaste, Toothbrushes, Floss, Mouthwash
* Razors, Shaving cream, Lotion, Deodorant
* Combs, Hair ties, Bobby pins
* Nail clippers, Nail files, Tweezers, Cotton swabs
* Pill boxes, Pill cutters, Pill crushers, Pill splitters
* Wound care, Dressings, Ointments, Cleansers, Tape
* Thermometers, Hot packs, Cold packs, Ice bags
* Blood pressure monitors, Glucose monitors, Lancets
* PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) ~ Gloves, Masks, Gowns, Face shields, Goggles
* Bandages, Gauze, Tape, Gloves, Masks, Wipes, Sanitizer
* Bed pads, Adult diapers, Under pads, Briefs, Pull-ups
* Incontinence supplies, Urological supplies, Ostomy supplies
* Catheters, Drain bags, Leg bags, Tubing, Lubricant
* Walkers, Canes, Crutches, Wheelchairs, Scooters
* Grab bars, Shower chairs, Transfer benches, Commodes
* Bedside commodes, Raised toilet seats, Toilet safety frames
* Hospital beds, Bed rails, Bedside tables, Overbed tables
* Lift chairs, Lift slings, Lift cushions, Lift accessories
* And so on...


### Household and Medical supplies: Who pays for them?

Technically, most household and medical supplies are not covered by Medicare. Medicare covers medical equipment. Medical supplies are covered by insurance, or Heritage or residents. And yet in many cases Medicare may covers household and medical supplies. It depends on the contract and the situation.

* https://www.medicareinteractive.org/get-answers/medicare-covered-services/durable-medical-equipment-dme/equipment-and-supplies-excluded-from-medicare-coverage
* https://www.medicare.gov/coverage/supplies

Items & services not covered under medicare

* https://www.cms.gov/Outreach-and-Education/Medicare-Learning-Network-MLN/MLNProducts/Downloads/Items-Services-Not-Covered-Under-Medicare-Text-Only.pdf
* https://www.cms.gov/outreach-and-education/medicare-learning-network-mln/mlnproducts/downloads/items-and-services-not-covered-under-medicare-booklet-icn906765.pdf


### Contracts

Caring for the elderly requires a lot of medical supplies. Heritage provides a lot of medical supplies. What supplies are provided and paid by the Heritage and insurers and what supplies are provided by the resident?

Heritage has a variety of contracts. The contracts are not all the same for all residents.

These contracts may include:

* "Grace and Favor"
* "A" Life Care
  * Independent living
  * Assisted living
* "C" Continuing Care
  * Independent living
  * ILC+ ~ Independent living with assisted living services
* Assisted living "C" ~ Levels 1 through 4


### Payers

The payer for medical supplies depends on the contract. These include

* Medicare
* Medicare Advantage
* Insurance
* Heritage on the Marina
* Residents

***


## Action Item #3: Emergency Response Protocols

Pam Fischer reports:

Martha Torres reports:


### Background on the Emergency Response Protocols

The current staffing system is not working adequately during evenings and over weekends

* Registry staff are not familiar with the residents and their individual needs
* Registry staff are not familiar with how to deal with non-medical emergencies
* Staff may have language issues
* Staff may be in the process assisting residents and not able to process emergency calls adequately
* Staff may not be in the Henderson Clinic and this not in from of a screen with the protocols available
* Staff may not be able to access the protocols on their phones while they are talking to a resident
* Staff may not have the skills to provide a supportive response to a resident in distress

Heritage on the Marina needs people who deal with emergency preparedness and with the residents

Responders must be prepared to provide initial response the full range of resident issues including:

* Identifying current residents
* Identifying residents with issues
* Identifying current staff
* Medical issues
* Mobility issues
* Cognitive issues
* Emotional issues
* Social Issues
* Security issues
* Housekeeping issues
* Maintenance issues
* And so on...

Possible solutions include:

* Help residents to help each other
* Help Heritage on the Marina provide excellent emergency response

### Action 3.1: Provide and maintain a functional Resident & Staff Directory

A simple Microsoft Word or Google Docs document is used to create a directory of all residents and selected staff including phone, email, apartment number and emergency contact information.

* Easy to update and maintain by any member of staff
* Password protection can be used to protect the document
* Available to all staff and residents
* Available online and on phones
* Can be printed out at any time by residents and staff


### Action 3.2: Provide and maintain a functional Emergency Response Service

An emergency response answering service is used to provide a 24/7 response to all resident calls.

The service is available to all residents and staff.

* The service is provided by a company that specializes in emergency response.
* The service is available 24/7
* The service is available to all residents and staff
* HIPAA compliant
* Supports rotating on-call personnel
* always a friendly voice on the end of the line
* Pay only for the time spent talking
* Trained employees work from customized call scripts, tailored to precise policies and procedures
* Field calls from residents while communicating with Heritage on the Marina staff

Sample service providers:

* https://www.ambscallcenter.com/solutions/emergency-answering-service
* https://www.unicomcorp.com/industries/emergency-answering-service/
* https://www.mapcommunications.com/industries/emergency-restoration/

Similar services might also be useful answering calls from prospects and family members.

