# 2023-04-22 Patrick

## Prepare your questions for Directors

### Patrick Message

Residents
The Directors' Dinner will be held on Wednesday April 26th,
and now is the time to think about questions you might like to ask the directors.

One of them might be "What happens to us - the residents - if the Heritage runs out of money
before the new planned construction is finished"


### My Thoughts

* Message quite harsh and scary
* As a Board member, might you not have some idea of the response?
* My response:
  * Read the contract: Society has to deal with it
  * The basic scenario: sell property to highest bidder, "sell" residents to lowest bidder

## Nice questions

* What are some of the major issues - from your point of view?
* Would you like to live here?
* What is the legacy of the 170 years of the SFLPaRS?
* How can this place continue to be a 501c3?
* Besides being on the Board, do you have any connection to the Heritage?
* How could the Board better communicate with residents


## Health Center Closing

* Is it finished? Are there any significant remaining issues?
* Are you still tied up or can you now focus on other things?
* Were there lessons learned?
* Will the space be used in the future?


## Aging in Place

What are the next steps for the team?
Are the new staff agency or students
Are there always two or three staff
What happens when a buzzer goes off and there is no one in Henderson

## Strategic Plan

* Updates
* https://heritageonthemarina.org/heritage-repositioning/

## Communications

Cortez Email & phone
Roxana L Email & phone
Stephen C Email & phone
Leaving voice mail after hours


## Resident Documents

Residents Handbook
Telephone directory
Map or floor plan of the campus
TT


## Capital Projects for 2023

Is there a list?
Morgan elevator doors & painting
IT Infrastructure

Garden Improvements Report

What is the plan for the garden?
