# India and the Willing Suspension of Disbelief

By Tucker Ingham

As Samuel Taylor Coleridge said, a truly good piece of artistry allows its author some leeway with truth, as "In Xanadu did Kublai Khan a stately pleasure dome decree..." And we as audience regularly indulge in that pleasure: Art for art's sake. We allow fantasy in popular film, especially, and really miss its absence if somehow removed from the original version.

In George Lucas' story about teen hot-rodders (_American Graffiti_, 1974) at a Mel's Drive-in, for example, the most hilariously unlikely teenage pranks against vindictive cops is completely cut in its TV version. A kid hooks a cable to the squad car's rear axle, the other end is tied around a small fire hydrant to the rear. When a couple of noisy hotrods go speeding by, the cops take the bait. The rear axle detaches, the fire hydrant erupts in a geyser. The audience in theaters all across the country is in stitches.

Similarly, in a popular male vs female film, Jack Nicholson is the epitome of a failed middle-aged "Mr Cool". He finally succeeds in taking Shirley MacLaine out to lunch, picking her up, in his testosterone-macho way, in a brand new stingray with a sliding glass roof hatch and they speed off down the road and Nicholson, smartly opens the hatch above. In the original version, Shirley's massively coiffed hairdo then that seems to explode skyward. Audience roars. TV version omits this punch line,in inexplicably, a bungled, willing suspension opportunity.

India was a place 60 years ago where one was not required to willingly suspend one's disbeliefs. It had only recently cut itself loose from colonialism and foreign occupation. As Britain pulled out, much of Kipling's world remained, and it remained as unbelievable, and suspended before one's eyes. Large and elegant white Brahma bulls roamed the squalid marketplaces as their holy status allowed. When they copiously relieved themselves of warm and steamy bulk, almost instantly a sarong-clad women would gather her prize to plop it on her head gracefully (to use as fire fuel or wall patch.)

Over-population was everywhere very noticeable with street beggars ubiquitous throughout public properties. At Benares, where the dead were cremated on wooden pyres, ashes were cast into the rolling Ganges on their way to reincarnation or perhaps Nirvana if one had respected one's Dharma enough. To assist one searching for perfection, magic charms were sold by fervent apostles of mystery, none of whom appeared to be well-fed but maybe chronically next to emaciation. The hooded cobra is an evil and ominous presence on the pavement swaying menacingly to the faint melody played on a pipe. Children sit beside infants, sit beside begging adults like ransoms, crying for mercy, some obviously infirm. Some adults suffer from Leprosy missing toes and fingers, the disease that deadens nerves, allowing wounds to fester.

To flee such prevalent miseries, the British had built homes in the Himalayan foothills reachable by coal-fired steam engine on narrow-gauge track. These were especially appreciated during the hot season, with large hotels available to the fortunate. Rhododendron forests spotted the rails. An unexpected perk was the presence in these villages of swarms of monkeys which rudely would climb the Hotel walls and enter any open window available, stealing anything that glittered, or not. They appeared to be quite territorial and could glare and bare their teeth if bothered. It is unlikely the Brits could shoot the intruders since the monkeys enjoyed holy status as evidenced by the many shrines up town. Shrines offer hope.

There is an island in the bay of Bombay named called Elephanta, containing no elephants and surrounded with waters home to flying fish. Beneath the ground in Elephanta lie ancient deities, of both genders, carved in stone impressively large and explicit. Once again, one is not in India called upon to suspend one's disbelief. It is all there, starkly present.
