# ace-it

ace-it > 2021: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1_RoK3TsMIZ-XuM2lQ-v6ZP11kLSW8ihN

## To Do

Alix ~ mailings from onemedical.com
Groups.io & Google Groups
Google WorkSpace
Project management
17 rue Brezin
Share medical conditions
Journal

## 2021-11-07

My 75th year will soon be celebrated. I want for nothing. My desires are fulfilled. My cup runneth over. Nevertheless, as I did in 2017, it will be wise to consider a vision for the upcoming five years.

Many aspects of my life are food, fitneey, socialization, technology and similar are reasonably well worked out and can and will be tweaked in even better directions.

If there is a gap in my life, it is because of a particular surfeit: I have too many things: both mental and physical baggage weighs me down.

Interestingly, I am not alone. Large numbers of my age cohort have horded memories and possessions. So much so that they live in the past and can barely move forward.

So this is a warning to you the reader: be careful of what you gather and accumulate. This is what your brain looks like when it gets older:


  Katamari Damacy - Wikipedia

The episodic long-term memory system supports remembering of events. It is considered to be the most age-sensitive system, with an average onset of decline around 60 years of age.

https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/joim.12533

The first thing people forget is what just happened. Most of the very elderly but well-functioning live either in the present or distant path. The ones with memory issues live in the present. In both cases, possessions are accumulated - frequently to fire-hazard levels.

I am a hoarder and have been since 1974 with aspects occurring earlier. I may well be a hoarder, because my mother disposed on many of my possessions on the occasion of three moves.

On the other hand you may consider me as an historian. I have preserved art, possessions and documents relating the people with the following Wikipedia entries  (as well as of their wives):

George Armour
Allison Armour
Norman Armour
Walter Lowrie
Albert Burrage
John Marshall
Alexander Trepov
Sergei Koudashev
Fyodor von Neiroth
In either case, I have for decades searched for assistance in cataloging and preserving the many items from these good (or not so good) people.

Isabelle has played a huge in organizing these items. Subsequent to our separation, I have also employed four assistants:

Bill Benkavich
Patrick Murphy
Mark Carranza
Maya Hovey

Nonetheless, possessions continued to accumulate, few items have been disposed of, precious little has been scanned or photographed let alone cataloged.

There are a number of reasons:

When I look at an item, I think too much
When I ask most humans to consider the items, they have no idea and would be quite happy to throw things out
Most people do not fully appreciated being the ancestors of the future
I have more than enough to do coping with my day-to-day life
With a small number of aspects I can pull the disability card
People are generally very good at doing what they are asked to do as long as the tasks are well-defined; people are not so good at managing situations that they are clueless about
Perhaps I have a backwards episodic memory: I tend to live in the future
And so on
No matter what, I have this belief that when the grim reaper knocks at the door that I will answer with boots on, clutching a keyboard and wondering what will happen next.

Yet, if there were new homes for the possessions, online presences for the many documents and my commentaries of the whole ensemble parting will be even sweeter.

I wonder if I can coerce my daughters into taking over the management? I am thinking that three daughters each devoting five days - comprising three hours in storage and three hours processing the results - for a total of 15 days of effort might be sufficient to dispose of 80% of the items.

A viable alternative would be if they could source a stand-in - an effective manager of hysterical stuff.


## 2021-06-28

Agenda
Theo: FreeWill with Alix?
Follow through with Lizzie

## 2021-06-21
DLD

Un-proactive
Old-fashioned
Offer no guidance

## 2021-05-19
Done

Jewels to Jennifer
Isabelle: please use groups.io
Cynthia
P65 hoodie
Pixel 5 stuff
Remarkable
Calendly schedule
C + E: Pershing address
email draft

What is a family with no children?
After the interesting week when Alix was here, I published this article on Medium:

https://ta.medium.com/what-is-a-family-with-no-children-f0c4cb260297?sk=e421c04e28936c5ab7e70a470e7aa62e

When in difficult places, dream of wonderful outcomes.

Elder-hood advocate, admin, aide-de-campe, minder whatever

I am putting together a job and project description for the the above position.

Project with No Name
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Qg5BGI1jeWAiwPyHnWpF_aIawiI7qvAO

The effort is still at an early stage. A woman who used to work at the Heritage will edit my raw material.

I am doing this because I put too much pressure on myself to promulgate a situation where my daughters fulfill these needs.

Fingers crossed, to fulfill the visions I write about, it will be faster, simpler and easier to engage dedicated professionals.

Diana
Diana went to Florida to look at https://www.thevillages.com/. Something happened

Communications
Kindly check the following when you communicate:

email: t.armour@gmail.com NOT theo@evereverland.net
ace-it: ace-it@groups.io NOT ace-it@googlegroups.copm

Pea, Kale enDive
Amulet / Toe rest from Kyle
UnWeddings
renegotiate

Past: guilty of breaking a promise
Future: felicitations for long duration

Daddy ~ 2
Mummy ~ 3
Tania ~ 2
Allison ~ 4
Bee ~ 3
Tommy ~ 2
Nancy ~ 1 *
Abby ~ 1
Alix ~ 3
Courtney ~ 2
Theo ~ 1
Total = 24


❦

