# 2023-12-11 Claudia

Hi Claudia

In the first sections of the message that follows I describe various bits and pieces that we have discussed. The final section is the real discussion piece.

Theo

## Justinian Morton

I did not phone Justinian, but there has been no response to the message I sent. ;-(


## Auction Houses, Museums & Furniture Restorers

Thank you for your good very good summary of the endeavor. I will be following up and documenting your thoughts in detail.


## Furniture Restorer ~ Cow Hollow Woodworks

There is a furniture restorer a short walk from Heritage. I have left a message for the proprietor to call me.

Fingers crossed, "Rico" could be the the "expeditor". It would be easy for me to walk over and have a look at the pieces.

* Enrico Dell’Osso
* 3100 Steiner St, San Francisco, CA 94123 @ Filbert
* +1 415 929 0218
* 9 to 5:30 M-F 9:30-4 Sat
* https://artisticlicense.org/cow-hollow-woodworks/


## Photographer

Both Sotheby's and Lawrence Art Storage have recommended Douglas Sandberg. I have not yet made contact.

Douglas Sandberg photographer
sandberg3@mindspring.com
(415) 846-3268


## Multimedia Autobiography

Imagine a 3D timeline with text, videos, images, and audio. The timeline is a 3D space that you can navigate with a mouse or a VR headset. You can zoom in and out. You can move forward and backward in time. You can talk to a five-year old Theo or to my great-grandmother in St Petersburg in 1903. That sort of thing

But that only happens after "The Final Design" is complete.


## A Proposal

I am in the process of re-designing my life. I am not sure what the new design will be. But I am sure that it will be quite different from the life I have been living for the past twenty years working as a software designer.

I am currently working on three papers that will help me think through the next phase of my life. The papers are:

* Finishing the Design ~ the need for a clean break
* The Final Design ~ the nuts and bolts of what must be done
* Designing the Cash Flow ~ how to pay for it all

The gist is that I plan to make a major re-jig of things so that I take a hand-on role in the management of my legacy. I will be happy to share these with you when they are ready.

I am a fast-learner and I am sure that I can learn to do this. But I am also sure that I will need help. I am looking for a person who can help me with the following:

* Be an enthusiastic and knowledgeable supporter
* Somebody who reads my long and complex emails and responds with a short and simple email list of the next thing to do
* Helps me source and select the right people to help me
* Help document the processes we establish so that they can be shared with others
* Be a mentor and coach
* Be a sounding board
* Be a friend

Would and could you be this person? If you like the idea of being the mentor, then let's talk terms and conditions, and see if we can make this happen.

