## dev notes

## 2019-08-24

text blaze works here

John Grogg


Typical problems

* A building owner may not wish to share all details of a property with others
* A building tenant wishes to keep some of their information private
* The designer of a property is concerned about copyright and intellectual property infringement
* An IT department may want to avoid significant corporate data into a 'Walled Garden'
* Highly volatile tenancies may desire free import and export of data
* Software developers desire an API for third parties that
    * Releases the minimum amout of data that fulfills customer needs
    * Follows industry standards
    * Us straightforward to support



## 2019-07-22


use jsDocs format
* create templates

### To Do list

* Here we go again. Another change in the way to keep to do items.
* Why is this better than Evernote??


### Ford

There is a famous quote (somewhat dubiously) attributed to Henry Ford: “If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses.”

* https://hbr.org/2011/08/henry-ford-never-said-the-fast
* https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesfinancecouncil/2017/10/19/on-building-a-faster-horse-design-thinking-for-disruption/#5741f6a349f9
* https://quoteinvestigator.com/2011/07/28/ford-faster-horse/

For tania:

* Innovators have fewer competitors.


For Michal

* Don't go into the future while looking in a rear-view mirror


## 2019-07-10

* mind the process


### Politics

Add the term "USA" or "in America, we" when discussing any topic of law, politics and human affairs. the USA and the rest of the world are very different planets.

### GTD

Set a 2 hour timer when starting to work. set a time to get up and get dressed.


## 2019-07-06

Patrick

* email for shoeboxed
* phone thing
* help mark with storage
* meds
* date & time first meetup


Mark

* To capture, preserve, index and make readily available forever at no charge to the people of the future the data created by the people of today


* Are we a startup?
    * A name?
    * Set up like a company? $500 to $1,000 per month?
    * Very horizontal and flexible organization
    * Mark and Patrick and I are the managers
        * Nominal salaries to Patrick and Mark plus Lyft costs and meals etc
    * My daughters: directors/advisors
    * Shares 33.3% until we change
    * Quarterly reports
        * Monthly updates?
* Develop and document methods, standards and tools usable by anybody
    * Fingers crossed, business develops and we get customers
* Get everything online, indexed and viewable
    * API nice
    * Two or more long term cloud storage places
* Collaboration?
    * Short term Communication. Hangouts?
    * Issues: GitLab.Hub
    * Papers: GitH/L Pages
* Projects
    * We eat our own dogfood
    * Theo's stuff
    * Mark's Memex data?
    * Patrick?


Short term

    * Shoeboxed knowledge / API
    * 4TB external drives
    * GitHub/GitLab/other? long term storage?


The things

* Scans
    * Text printed
    * Text hand-written
    * Graphics such as photos, negatives and albums
* Setups
* Digital photos
* Digital files
    * Personal correspondence
        * Letters
        * Diaries and journals
    * Project
    * Code
        * Old files
        * GitHub
    * Accounts
        * Quicken files
        * Bills
        * Statements
        * Tax documents
* Contacts
* Bookmarks


Index

    * JSON lines log files
    * url, UUID, name, date, type, tag, description



Inspirations

* Memex
* Quantified life
* Memory museum







##2019-07-04

### Dan


I hope you had a festive 4th! Sorry for tardy response.

The latest primary Spider gbXML Viewer 'Mavia' is here:

https://www.ladybug.tools/spider-gbxml-tools/spider-gbxml-viewer

This is a canonical link and should most always link to the latast version.

There are are other builds as well. Read about them here: https://www.ladybug.tools/spider-gbxml-tools/#spider-gbxml-viewer/README.md

BTW, we have switched to semver.org versioning. So, for example, today's build is : Spider gbXML Viewer 'Maevia' v0.16.01-13.

And, while I have your attention, I am very pleased with the way that the code is currently progressing.

The current viewer:

* Handles very large gbXML files in a speedy, no-fail,fashion
* Loads, extracts and saves gbXML files to and from XML files and ZIP files
* Supports files that are local or remote with one button press file reloading
* Displays virtually every aspect of numerical and attribute data in the file
* Supplies a variety of 3D visualization aids including exploding, cut sections
* Begins to provide tools to fix any issues found in the files
* Delivers a user interface that may be themed to fit in with the house style of any organization
* Works just fine on phone, tablet or computer
* Runs locally, on server, in an iframe or even embdedd in another app ( such as Open Studio ;-)
* Entirely written in plain vanilla JavaScript with just two dependencies: Three.js and Showdown.js

There have been a number of distractions with development in the past few months. The big issue is that - with me being the only developer - there's a lot of cowboy behavior where anything goes and focus is lost. On the other hand, the various perambulations have served to refactor the code down to a much simpler, more straightforward narrative. The main thing is that my confidence in the product is building and I can now spend more time marketing and supporting.

In terms of a version for Open Studio, for testing and embedding I have been building a version of the Viewer with the only menu being a context-sensitive popup. Have a look here: https://www.ladybug.tools/spider-gbxml-tools/spider-gbxml-viewer/pop/

If you like the idea, I will have a go a combining all the files into one.

Longer term, I know the goal will to have a full Node/MPM thing. This is good and yet is just somehow out of my range of desires. But fingers-crossed, we can find somebody like Antoine Dao to come to the rescue.





