# 2022-09-27

Catholic Memorial Mass: 10 AM October 7, 2022 in the Chapel. A special mass will honor the late Father J Terence Davis, our past Heritage on the Marina resident from 2016 to October 9, 2019. All residents are welcome to attend this mass as well as all monthly first Friday masses. The celebrant for the memorial mass will be Father Salvatore J Ragusa, longtime friend of Father Terry and Chaplain at the Holy Names University, Oakland, CA.

***

Royal Memories

When Patrick Alexander, Sheila Moore, Mary Roper and Jane Standing saying “God save the Queen” during Jen Bowles, “Happy Hour” only, Thursday, little did they know, the following Thursday, Queen Elizabeth II would be dead!

The events of this past week caused reflections on my part of exciting memories of the past.

When I learned the Queen and her husband were planning to visit Yosemite in 1983 and would be traveling down the All Weather Highway 140, I was excited as I wanted to catch a glimpse of them since they'd be passing through.Triangle road. I plan to walk from my house built on a hill down the .6 mile to watch their caravan passed by.However, nature intervened and a huge rock slide.Brick excluded their visit, which ended any idea of entering the park from the Arch Rock entrance!

I still wanted very much to see them, but didn't know how I could enter Yosemite Park. So I prayed about what I should do.And was directed to drive to the Wawona entrance, which was the South entrance to the park. I hadn't considered it since I had never driven that route before. My desire to see that royalty overcame my fear. I then drove the new route, picking up a hitchhiker along the way, delivering him to his home.

At the Wonder Park entrance. I was asked where I was going. I replied. I'm going to Yosemite Valley to photograph the Queen and her husband.I was allowed to pass, so I drove to the Awani Hotel and there once again the Guardian inquired as to my purpose. I then informed him that I was a member of the Sierra Club and lecture in the park and wanted to take pictures of the Queen and Prince Philip from my slide lecture.The human and Natural History of Yosemite. He then directed me to the Yosemite large area where the Prince and other photographers had gathered. Upon arrival there I saw four buses that were chartered for the occasion. Inside I was given an ID.London allow me to board the buses and particularly very sumptuous breakfast buffet.

After consuming the delicious buffet, we boarded the buses and were driven to Inspiration point.(now may be called Tunnel view). Bleachers were set up there, and all kinds of large and fancy camera equipment was set up.I was in the middle of two of the reporters, one from Channel 4.There was one with my tiny Instamatic camera. Finally, there was the arrival of vehicles and disembarking of Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip. I stood 100 feet away from them. As always. She looked very elegant and smiled at the crowd. I was impressed with the Princess.Nature and how handsome he was. They quickly made their way to the exquisite view of Yosemite. I was most happy and excited to fulfill my goal to see them.

After my husband and I had moved to San Francisco and shortly after our Scotland trip of 2005., I learned Prince Charles and wife Camilla were visiting the city. It was on on a Monday, when part of my visual usual routine was to launder 3 loads of clothes and bake 4 loaves of whole wheat bread.So instead of cookies my.Daughters returned from school had greetings of fresh baked bread.In between my household chores, I decided I wanted to see the future King of England, so I took community to the very building where the crowd was controlled with ropes. Then they arrived. Today they have the the titles of King Charles the third and Camilla, the title of Queen Consort. There were only one.Food away from me and very pleasant. Watching the walkabout this week on TV with William and Harry and their wives reminding me of my experience in front of the ferry building. I happily returned home to bake a casserole.I learned that he.Prince Charles and Camilla viscid.At once, homeless man at the Empress Hotel, only three blocks from our tenderloin apartment. The royal couple then went.From our general from impetus seeking gardening information. I've treasured these experiences, especially this time being mobility challenge. And I now say “God save the king!”