# 2025-06-18 EIR COA

Hello Residents

## Strategic Plan Milestone Achieved!

On June 17, the Heritage on the Marina Strategic Plan reached a welcome milestone. The San Francisco Board of Supervisors approved the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) and Certificate of Appropriateness (COA) for the Strategic Plan.

In San Francisco, both an Environmental Impact Report (EIR) and a Certificate of Appropriateness (COA) are part of the project review process, but they address different aspects. An EIR, required under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), assesses the potential environmental impacts of a proposed project. A COA, on the other hand, is required for projects that affect designated historic landmarks or buildings within historic districts, ensuring the project is appropriate for the site's historic character. The Board approved both which had taken many months of efforts to prepare

The next stage will be to apply for the full planning permission. As part of that process, we (and our neighbors) will be able to view full and comprehensive views and details of the new buildings in a process that is likely to include comments from us and our neighbors and then revisions prepared by the design team.

Supervisor Sherrill's proposition wrangling yesterday was masterful. He did an excellent job of listening and responding to the appeals. In particular, his quiet dialogs with the lawyers and planners showed he (and they) had listened well and closely to the complaints from the neighborhood and that they had been found to be outside the jurisdiction of the matters at hand and would be better addressed in future dialogs with the Planning Department.

While we were at City Hall, I invited San Francisco Supervisor Stephen Sherrill to a speaking engagement here. I received a reply this morning accepting the invitation and requesting suggested dates and times. I responded "late July, Tuesdays or Thursdays (possible Wednesdays) around 3pm would be ideal". I also said this was subject to confirmation by Activities.

Fingers crossed, we can yet again welcome our Supervisor and this time be able to question him about his vision for our District and Heritage on the Marina.

Cheers,

Theo






