# 2024-06-13 Bob Hall

## 2024-06-13 Bob Hall

As soon as the alumni office has settled on a date for our in-person reunion, Rick Saunders and I will have Randy Morgan send out a modified version of his 'save-the-date' survey seeking to ascertain how many of us plan to attend.

In the meantime, I am reaching out to you individually to solicit your ideas about the reunion. Should we try to have a pre-reunion gathering similar to the one we had at Mount Washington immediately before our 50th? etc.

## Reply

Hello Bob and Randy

Thank you for getting going with organizing the 60th reunion of the class of 1965!

Sorry for my slow reply.

>> I am reaching out to you individually to solicit your ideas about the reunion. Should we try to have a pre-reunion gathering similar to the one we had at Mount Washington immediately before our 50th? etc.

Yes, I think a pre-reunion gathering is a great idea. Because of my disabilities, it may be wiser for me not to attend. Nonetheless, I would like to be involved in the planning and to help with the web site and communications.

The first thing we need to do is update the email addresses in the Google Groups directory. The current list is attached as a spreadsheet. You will see that there are many issues

Do either of you have access to a more up-to-date list of email addresses that will allow me to update the Google Groups directory?

Theo



If we to once gain achieve good communication between all form-members, we need to update the email addresses in the the Google Groups directory (sps65@googlegroups.com) or create another method of enabling collective communication between all form-mates.

I see that you emailed me directly. How did you get my email address? I suggest we crowd source the addresses. I can help with that.

I suggest we crowd source the addresses. I can help with that.


I wonder if this will be a yet another gathering of old men partying or a perhaps more a deeper or meaningful gathering

Directory

* Email addresses out of date
* Need to crowd source addresses
* Move to SMS?

Web Site



Instagram / WhatsApp
