# 2024-09-15 Jose Rob

# Don't knock success. Knock somewhere else

I have just read this article again:

https://danieloppenheimer.substack.com/p/the-greatest-trick-the-elite-ever

The entire article rings true. For myself, I can trace the changes in my worldview from entitled brat growing up in a gilded cage to whatever I am now - which is, fingers crossed, not what is was (but one never knows). So every sentence resonates.

My takeaway: SPS is a very successful system, revered by thousands. Successful systems are extremely difficult to change. Even imperfections are hard to fix. One person's bug can become another person's feature.

BTW, it took ten years of my life trying to add new features to financial data visualization to realize that peeps like Bloomberg were coining much too fast, were so successful, that considering new features was an anathema: The mantra: Don't make me learn. Don't make me think. Don't make me change. It was a hard lesson for me to learn

I am not sure what the answer is, but perhaps "Don't fix what isn't broken" is a good place to start.

Let us try to identify something that needs fixing, something that is broken. Or let us create something cool out of nothing. Or whatever. Just don't forget: SPS is old school.

In any case, I would be very please to hear what you think of Oppenheimer's article.


## Rob Leslie · Sep 16, 2024
Hi Theo,

I don’t find I relate to the article, or perhaps I just don’t understand what it’s really saying. Who are the elite and what, exactly, is the trick they pulled?

I find the example of the hockey players a bit odd. Learning to resolve differences without violence is somehow bad? This seems like a valuable lesson for anyone at any school.

My experience at St. Paul’s was probably not like most. For me, St. Paul’s was about learning to accept and to apply myself. I didn’t come from a wealthy background and for the most part didn’t feel like I belonged at the school during my first year there. But over the following two years I found opportunities that made the school feel like home, and I still have an affinity for that reason to this day. Is the article suggesting I was somehow tricked?

## Me

Hi Rob

One of the elite was me. SPS provides a venue for elites to learn how to socialize without getting beat up or kidnapped the way they night be if they are at a local school back home. Some examples: one must not talk to classmates the way one talks to servants. One must be discrete in talking about getting on the family jet to go skiing in Chile over Easter.

You were not tricked, but you might have been an “extra” in a scenario you did not know you were in.

As I mentioned, the article resonated with me, but I can well see how this was not the case for all students or even most.

My personal case might have been weirder than most. I was mostly raised by nannies and maids who were not particularly well educated. And that brought on its own issues. It took some time to sort things out and to discover some happiness and delight from time to time.

😉






