# Writing #3

Yikes! Katie wants me to write about whatever. OMG: the blank sheet of paper!

My to-do list is not relevant. My hopes and aspirations are way too complex to summarize in a few minutes. I must become Colette or Proust and just go for a stream of consciousness. I can just write and write whatever words come into my brain. The only distraction is the spell checker and grammar police popping up with instructions that must be obeyed. And then there is the stillness of my fellow iters and the utterances of the assisted living folds nearby.

How am I doing? Well the words seem to be coming out. So, perhaps I can recap some of the things that Katie talked about. One of the things that struck me is that Katie had gone over the notebooks and my email and recapitulated what we had written about. Stories like Anne remembering being a tomboy and Martha Nell's relative telling stories to a child in hospital every day are engaging and edifying narratives — even parables. And these reiterate my own feelings and desires that these are stories that are worth preserving and adding to the world body of knowledge and storehouse of good things.

How am I doing? Well, one of the things Katie suggested was going over ("double-clicking") into a previous writing. That is what I mostly always do. Perfecting, making things even better. Sisyphusean tasks, mostly. ;-)

The gig with Katie is different. It is about starting here and finishing here. This writing must stand here on its own two feet. So far it's going well. I certainly could pull up more thoughts about our introductory chat, but — looking at the clock —
time is running out and I must start to consider the closing?

I am a big fan of the surprise like ending sentence. Was that the writer O'Henry's famous thing

Ah, I've got it! Lucky me! I've written the final sentence before I have actually finished. So I can keep waffling until this writing period is over. Katie has just left the room. Um, this means that the brain must keep spewing some more. OK, brain. What do you have to say for yourself? And that is a fascinating thing. The screws have come loose in my brain. And anything goes.

The End.
