My brain is at a Starbucks behind the Marina Safeway exploring the 'hood. But my heart is in the Heritage on the Marina.

1. The cost appears to be within a range I can afford without significantly reducing the assets I leave my children
2. Eleanor and Bernie Burke are friends I've known and admired for years live here. He is on the Board; she is librarian.
3. The walkability includes two parks, playing fields, the Bay, Fort Mason (exhibitions), a library, some of the best shopping in the city
4. The building (English bond) was designed by Julia Morgan (designed Hearst Castle).
5. The apartment I want has 22 windows on three sides in the living room and 8 windows on two sides in the bedroom. I have never lived a place with 30 windows.
6. The second floor view is onto the front garden with a playground across the street. The window sills are low enough to afford excellent views while seated.
7. The facilities include assisted-living, skilled nursing and dementia care
8. The foundation created in 1853 has $70 million in assets. Once accepted the monthly price stays same at all levels of care. 120 residents max.
9. The food is good and healthy (vegetarians can survive), the activities are plentiful. Physical therapy, hairdresser, handyman and other services all available 
1o. Housekeeping, laundry, internet, transportation are more included

The apartment I want is available. I had a very nice interview today. The issue is that the vetting process for acceptance is rigorous. Princeton refused me; the Heritage will accept me. Fingers crossed.

PS Courtesy of the Burkes, I am staying in the Heritage guest room for three days and two nights. I will report further insights as and when they occur. Your feedback and questions welcomed.

