# 2024-07-10 Marco

## Agenda

* Awesomwe list of digital immortality
* FAQ
* Web sites that have aspects we like ~ tone, style, content

Daily

* Latest builds
* Telegram & Linear
* ??

## email

Hi Marco

I am looking forward to working with you later today. Below are some of my thoughts and questions as I get started.

Theo

***

## Onboarding

I am enjoying looking at all the tools you have been using. I am delighted to see how organized , connected and efficient the environment appears to be.

Here is my first conclusion: I don't think you will ever have to concern yourself with me making a pull request. ;-)

I am in no way a fullstack developer - and have no intention of becoming one.

If I ever do contribute it is likely to be something like a 500-line pure JavaScript file showing Dan's 3D replica dancing to tune of "I'm a little teapot" while talking to you from the roof of the Peggy Guggenheim Collection. ;-)


## Website QA

Since I am not going to build my self, I still would like to preview the latest build.

I see that I can click on the latest pull request link here https://github.com/sensay-io/www/tree/main

And them click on "Visit Preview" to see the latest build.

Is that a good way to do it? Or is there a better Vercel way? Are there better repos to look at? And, if so, can I get permission to view them?


## Telegram

I am in awe of the level and discipline of the dialog in Telegram. I want to jump in almost everywhere. And I hope I learn to do so in a way that is helpful and not disruptive.

Also, I hope that from time to time you ask me "Can you investigate this..."


## Linear

OMG! Another world of discipline and organization.

>> Marketing > Find existing communities around digital immortality and get involved

Can do!

Where do I list and record my findings? Of course as a response to the issue but is there also a better place to keep long term data and findings? The Sensay "Awesome List" perhaps?


## Calendar

How do I find out when and where meetings are calendered?


## My Role

I want to participate in the creation of the FAQ. Questions like security, privacy, data ownership, APIs, collaboration, civil rights are all wonderfully complicated and difficult topics. I am look forward to the challenge of assisting in the creation of best-in-class answers that are authoritative, actionable and governable - and therefore shareable. ;-)


## Excuse My Writing

Please note that all my emails are styled in large text so as to be readable by a person in their nineties. ;)

