# 2025-07-16 Dan's Reply

Hi Karen,

Thanks for the ideas and opportunities Theo.

To give some context here, yes, my end goal is to have a virtual me that can act as me in all regards after I pass. This may take some time to build and is a bit of a big dream, so we have started small with b2b solutions for now to build a sustainable business that can grow into this.

ForgetMeNot is an early brand development towards this, whereas Sensay is the main entity with the team for now, who do most of the build.

The steps for me are:

1. Chatbots with personalities for businesses for sales and customer support
2. Knowledge capture and transfer for retiring teams to ensure tacit knowledge is never lost
3. Digital doubles that operate alongside key team members
4. B2C applications and personal replication
5. Autonomous actions and replica self-growth

Yes there are a few players in the replica space, but I think a lot of them focus on voice, video, image, and photos. Whereas we focus on the wisdom, personality, and style, which is much more difficult to capture (exemplified by Theo’s documents)

Family offices is an interesting idea, but I don’t quite know what aspects of what we do would fit best there right now.

Biographers I could definitely see. Especially as we add voice-to-voice training. Enabling AI interviewers to be highly personalized to the person they are interviewing and then generating an entire biography from that. But that’s a great idea for someone else.

Replica Creators I’m sure will become a huge secondary business, once we can educate enough people about replicas to begin with.

——

Over the past few weeks, we’ve actually elected to be more focused, and not get too distracted by shiny objects and big external ideas.

The big opportunity I see right now is the knowledge transfer… essentially disrupting handover docs and exit interviews with AI to capture expert knowledge and keep it in the company or government.

One day I will make it back to Digital Immortality as I can’t imagine working on anything better.

I’d be happy to talk about it all, my calender is calendly.com/dan-thomson

Best,

Dan
