# 2025-01 hh text

## Angie


For February:
Feb 7th Chinese New Years Dinner
Feb 14th Sweethearts Dinner + Birthday Night
Feb 28th Milkshakes at Lunch!

Upcoming countries:
April Hawaii
May Mexico

## Patti

20 children from Little Gators Preschool will be in the Dining Room at 1:00 p.m. on Thursday, February 13th  to exchange handmade Valentine cards  with our Residents.

## Martha Nell
Library Corner New Acquisitions January 2025

Martha Nell Beatty

The Grey Wolf:  A Novel (Chief Inspector Genache Novel 19   F 2024

Louise Penney

The 19th book with Armand  Genache, head of homicide at the Surete du Quebec and his team are off on another search to solve a puzzle.  Their pursuit takes them across Quebec and across borders. Old  friends begin to act like enemies and enemies’ seem like friends.

Chasing the Dime  F 2003

Michael Connelly

As Henry Piece tries to help a woman he has never met, he is drawn into a world of escorts, sex and secret passions.

Irresistible Revolution: Marxism’s Goal of Conquest & the Unmaking of the American Military    NF 2021

Matthew Lohmeier

## Trish

The Most Exciting Parade in Town!
By Trish Otstott, Roving Reporter

The San Francisco Chinese New Year Parade, celebrating the Year of the Snake, will be on Saturday, February 15, 2025. It is a free event. Tickets must be purchased to sit in the bleacher sections (which I strongly recommend). Purchase tickets at Eventeny to acquire digital tickets.
There will be designated Accessible Seating/Wheelchair Parking within the bleacher seat areas. A ticket purchase will be required for Accessible Seating within the Bleacher Section area.
The parade starts off at 5:15 p.m. at 2nd and Market Streets, goes around Union Square and ends at Kearny Street & Columbus Ave. The parade runs about 2 ½ hours.
Will the parade cancel if it rains?  NO!
For further questions, contact the Parade Office @ (415) 889-8891 or info@chineseparade.com.
Private celebrations of Chinese New Year began in 1851, and the first dragon was paraded in 1860. Scenes from the 1961 parade were used in the film Flower Drum Song. These days, a crowd estimated at over 420,000 people watch the parade.
Personally, I love the Gung Lung Golden Dragon and, of course, Miss Chinatown and her Court.
The modern parades began in 1953, the first new Gum Lung was imported in 1957 from Hong Kong, billed as one city block or 150 feet long. In 2015, the dragon, valued at $15,000, was 268 feet long, had a head that weighs 30 pounds, and was kept in motion for three hours during the parade.  Another new dragon was introduced for the 2018 parade, now stretching to 288 feet long.
Usually, it is the Chinese Chamber of Commerce that organizes the "Miss Chinatown" competition. The contestant must be of Chinese descent, typically meaning her father must be Chinese, be between the ages of 17 and 26, be single, and compete in a pageant where judges evaluate aspects like their introduction, talent, swimsuit/form and fitness presentation. The 2025 Miss Chinatown USA contest will be held at the Saint Francis Hotel on February 14th.
More than one hundred groups take part in the parade. The judges are located at the end of the parade, in the reviewing stands at Kearny and Columbus Avenue. There, the judges choose float and group participant winners.




## MJ: Turkey

SAILING THE EMERALD COAST OF TURKEY
Twenty-five years ago I traveled with my grandson Ben, who was then about 18, to Turkey. Most of the trip was on a large sailboat (a “gulet”) along the south coast of Turkey, but we also visited inland sites. After a night in Istanbul we met our landside guide, Mahmut, in Izmir, from where we went to Ephesus, the Greco-Roman site where St. Paul preached to the Romans. The city is known for temples dedicated to various goddesses – Cybele, Artemis, and later, Diana. We saw magnificent ruins of the ancient Greek and Roman world here and later in the tour at other sites -- Perge, Aspendos (the finest surviving theater of the ancient world), Aphrodisias (dedicated to Aphrodite), etc. The Romans loved spectacles and built large amphitheaters wherever they settled -- an almost complete one is still in Perge. Even laid low by earthquakes, wars, and time, the sites were immensely impressive – some of them, such as Perge still have substantial stone structures, the remains of the bustling cities they once were.
In Kusadasi we saw beautiful rugs being woven and I bought one for each of us (I have recently given mine to Ben because Heritage feared I might trip on it).
We boarded our gulet – a traditional wooden Turkish sailing vessel -- in Marmaris. For the next ten days we visited more than 20 fascinating sites, sometimes sailing, other times on land expeditions. We traveled about 120 miles eastward from the eastern edge of the Dodecanese Islands (think Rhodes) to Antalya on the southern coast – this shoreline is called the Emerald Coast for its beauty, and is a world-renowned yachting venue. At various stops we hiked ashore, and at some we anchored alongside half-submerged ruins, including Cleopatra’s Baths and a temple where Ben snorkled between submerged columns. At one site we bathed in warm mud, washing off in a lake (well, Ben did – not for me!).
When we got to the market town of Fethiye the boat stocked up on wine, and we went on a shoreside excursion to explore Fethiye, Lydae, and the ghost town of Kayakoy, destroyed by Ataturk in 1923. At sunset that day we had wine on the top of Gemiler Island – a treasured experience, the photo of which is on the wall of my apartment. The next day we went inland to Kalkan and Xanthos, whose famous reliefs reside in the Xanthian Room of the British Museum in London (unless they are among the looted treasures being returned recently).
We sailed on to Kas, Aperlai, Kalekoy, and Myra, the home of Santa Claus (the Tomb of St.Nicholas is there). We hiked up the mountain to see the Chimaera, the eternal flame mentioned in Homer’s Iliad (it’s a natural gas vent that still burns).
We left the gulet in Antalya -- whose history is said to have started with the mass exodus from the fall of Troy – and from there we flew back to Istanbul, where we stayed two nights in a pensione converted from old Ottoman houses. We saw the breathtaking Hagia Sophia, the Blue Mosque, the Topkaki museums, and the 6th c. Byzantine Cisterns. Then a cruise up the Bosphorus and dinner, and the next day it was back to the USA.


## A Culinary Incident
By Jane Standing
We had been back from our honeymoon a few weeks when one night I decided to make a steamed jam sponge pudding for dessert. A typical English dessert with jam at the bottom of the basin and a sponge mixture on top. I served the pudding with the jam coating the sides if the sponge. My husband took a bite and said “Not as good as my mother’s”. His mother was an indifferent cook, not really interested. I had eaten many uninspiring meals there.
I without thinking took a piece of pudding and threw it at him. Of course it missed him hit the wall instead. Blackcurrant jam dribbling down our beautiful pale green wallpaper. Pale green with line drawings on it very “f the moment”. Barry went to return the favor and hit me but I said “ I wouldn’t if I were you” So we laughingly set to cleaning it up to find out if the wallpaper really was waterproof as claimed. Thankfully it was!.
In all the years that we were married Barry enjoyed my cooking and never mentioned his mother’s again.


## The Committee Book
This is a white three-ring binder that sits on a table in the dining room corridor. It lists the volunteer committees and provides space for residents to sign up. The book has been neglected for a few years because of the covid epidemic interference with meetings. The book has recently been brought up-to-date and is waiting for you.
Some volunteer activities are ongoing but some have been dropped. Activities consume very little time but can be of importance. For example; to accompany a resident to a medical appointment may take a few hours. Not much time once a month but of significant help to someone. Decorating birthday tables is a job that needs more volunteers. Please look at the book, at the list and then at the sign-up pages. You can easily find something to do that interests you and contributes to our Heritage life. Questions? Ask Gene Graham or Yvonne Benedict about birthday tables, ask Doris Howard about anything else. Please join us in making Heritage on the Marina an even better place to age actively.



## Sleeping Beauty

“Sleep is the golden thread that ties health and our bodies together” – Thomas Decker

The Benefits

Sleep is an engine extraordinaire and personal off button, all at once. It never rests on its laurels, it’s too busy: Repairing your cells, organs, and muscles. Rebooting your brain, helping you process and store your experiences, keeping you sharp! Boosting your mood. Transporting you into wild-groovy-dream land, tapping into your deep unconscious. All this while you’re lying horizontal.
While some fortunate mortals are blessed with 8 hours of peaceful, unbroken sleep, many still struggle with deep slumber. For those who sleep eludes, this article will hopefully be helpful.
Sleep Cycles
Even super sleepers don’t experience sleep as a long, continuous stretch — more like a series of mini episodes. Throughout the night, your body goes through 4 to 6 sleep cycles lasting around 90 minutes. Each cycle is made up of four stages:
Stage 1 – Light sleep, drifting in and out of consciousness.
Stage 2 – Deeper sleep with slower brain waves and muscle relaxation.
Stage 3 – Deep, restorative sleep for physical healing.
REM Sleep – Rapid eye movement and vivid dreams. When we process emotions and memories.
Column 2 / 201 words
Tracking Sleep
The best way to improve your sleep? Be your own detective. Track your sleep over two weeks and crack the case of sleepless nights, finding a new routine for sweet, uninterrupted slumber.
Sleep Journal
While tracking nightly sleep and daily naps can be somewhat annoying, it’s the best way to identify patterns so you can address what’s not working. Keep a journal or pad of paper by your bedside and write down your spells of sleep and waking, and how you feel after each rest.
Antagonists of Sleep
For those with chronic pain, an overactive brain, sleep apnea, or prescription meds that make us wired — sleep can be an ongoing challenge. Counting sheep and chamomile tea doesn’t quite cut it for insomniacs. So let’s talk real solutions:
• Trazodone or Ambien (by prescription) both work wonders, just don’t take them together.
• Guided Meditation
• Acupuncture & Chinese herbs - Lydia Akhzar treats locally
• TENS (pain) Therapy - speak to your doctor
• Protein - warm milk or cheese before bed can help settle the brain.
Now that we’ve shared some research, let’s hear from our most relatable, reliable sleep source — your friends at Heritage.
Column 3 / 201 words

Residents on Sleep
A few words of wizzzdom from our sleep (and insomnia!) pros:
“Go to bed at the same time and get up at the same time. It takes effort but it works. Also, no heavy meal before retiring. Better not to nap on the bed, only a chair for resting.” – Betty
“Val said that if she drinks coffee at night she can't sleep. I said I have the exact opposite problem: If I'm asleep I can't drink coffee.” – Tom
“Take Gabapentin.” – Nancy (Gabapentin is commonly used to treat insomnia, nerve pain, and restless legs syndrome.)
“Chronic insomnia led me to nightly use of sleeping medication. It helped some but not a lot, so I recently stopped taking it. Two results followed: One was a rebound of daily energy, the pills gave me hangovers. The second change was in my heart. The palpitations I’d experienced while using sleep meds came to abrupt end. I still have insomnia but no heart palpitations and I have more energy than I’ve had in years.” – Doris
“The best way to get to sleep is to have a clear conscience.” - Val
On that note, we wish you a clear conscience and deep, satisfying slumber!




## Tucker

In Xanadu did Kublai khan, a stately pleasure dome decree..."

No, really, Genghis, and his henchmen prevailed over the largest Chinese Empire in history, stretching from the Pacific Ocean all the way to the Bosporus, lasting around 100 years in the 13th century. Early in the 14th century after building The Great Wall Emperor Cheng Ho then built one of world history's most astounding navies with sailing ships more immense than any to follow since: 400 feet or more with none masts, 200 feet wide, and multiple-slatted sails. Hundreds of unsinkable compartmented vessels, thousands of sailors. We will never know what profound affect such a navy might have had were it armed by the inventors of gunpowder and the compass. No, for they turned inward due to a regime change, and with devout response to buddha's axiom, that happiness is the absence of desire.

## Shiela Moore ~ My 17 Day Tour Of China in 1996

On all my trips around the world I travelled alone, on foot or local buses, but when I turned to China, I decided to go on an escorted tour because China was so vast, and I do not speak Chinese. I signed up for a Rim-Pac International China tour, and that was a very good decision, it was an all-inclusive $3,000 but that included airfare SF-Beijing-Shanghai-SF, all food & transportation.

During our tour, our Guide described China's "one-child policy" (which has long since been cancelled and is no longer in effect), She told us "I have one little girl, but she said if she had two, she would lose her job, have to pay the government a fine, and it would be very difficult to get the second child an education."

Photo 1. This is the Great Wall of China built by a million serfs. This Wall can be seen by astronauts circulating the earth, the only man-made structure large enough to be seen from space!

Photo 2. Tian'Anmen Square, is a huge plaza big enough to hold a rally for 500,000 people.

Photo 3. Me with "Fifi", a male panda 17 years old, at the Chongking Zoo.

## Martha Nell ~ China Travel

China Travel—Ups and Downs

It was 1949 and the Cultural Revolution had arrived in China. With it, the door slammed shut on tourism. China remained off limits for about another 25 years. It was after Nixon visited the country in 1972 that things changed. It took until the mid-70s before the country began to welcome tourists again. However, in 1973, the Chinese government allowed organized groups of American citizens into the country. These groups were mostly composed of scholars, journalists and business people. There was no such thing as an individual visa or individual travel. There were no airlines connecting China and the US directly.

As a travel agent, I had several groups that qualified. One was a woman’s organization whose purpose was to develop ties with women in different countries. Since I was not a member of the group, I wasn’t allowed to join them, but I could accompany them to Hong Kong, the city from which they were to depart. They were required to make the almost 100-mile journey by train from Hong Kong to Canton (now Guangdong) to start their trip.

We had to make all arrangements with China Travel Service, the government agency. It wasn’ t easy or smooth. When we arrived in Hong Kong, I went to the agency’s office to pick up the train tickets. There were 15 ladies in the group but only 14 tickets-- of course. Eventually I returned to the hotel with the tickets in hand. At least the first leg of their trip was in hand.

It was so rare for Americans to be traveling to China that when it was known the one of the daughters of General Joe Stillwell was in the group, the press requested an interview. Very kindly she asked me to sit in. The only press interview I’ve ever experienced.

Of course, when China began to develop the infrastructure for tourism. it boomed just as the economy was growing exponentially. That is until Covid when the country shut down for three years. And still tourism is not back to what it was in 2019.



## Martha Nell ~ Cooby

Cooby Goodway

By Martha Nell Beatty

Cooby lived on Long Island until 1949 when the family moved to Washington, D.C. When she was nine, Cooby’s father’s job took them to Greece for two years. She says they were the best years of her life since she was at an age before concerns about boyfriends and serious homework. The family lived in a suburb of Athens, where Cooby and her friends, one of whom was Frederica von Stade, had lots of freedom and could travel around the area on their bicycles.

 On weekends the family would visit places like Delphi and Corinth. They called it “climbing on the rocks.” Or her father might take the family on his day-sailor boat to some of the islands. There were almost no tourists at the time so the family could enjoy historical and beautiful sites almost to themselves.

She attended the Anglo-American School and although classes were in English, Cooby did manage to pick up some Greek. They studied Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides regularly. Cooby was fascinated that these learned men were questioning why there were so many gods.

After Greece, the family returned to DC. Except for boarding school and college, Cooby lived in the city until coming to San Francisco and The Heritage last November.

Cooby was involved in diverse activities in Washington. In 1965, she was the fifth person on the payroll of what would become the Kennedy Center. Her duties included running special projects pre-opening. After the Center opened there was no longer a job for her, so she switched gears completely and started a job as assistant to the director of Environmental Health Administration for the city of Washington. She soon learned many issues about the city including the war on rats.

A major concern was with the inner-city highway system that was threatening Washington as well as many cities across the country. Cooby had done a paper for Ralph Nader on who was backing the project and found to her surprise that AAA was one of the organizations. In her job, Cooby attended monthly District of Columbia Highway Commission meetings, where they were joined by members of the Federal Highway Commission. She learned speed writing so that she could take minutes to share with lawyers fighting the highway system.

Cooby then went on to work as a volunteer for the Smithsonian archives, which she gave time to for 25 years. Her project was working on a gargantuan collection of sheet music, which had been donated to the Smithsonian. The music was organized by subject. One subject might be geography and another food. One of her favorites was “Never Hit your Grandma with a Shovel. It Makes Bad Impression on Her Mind.”

One of Cooby’s two daughters relocated to Wisconsin recently and her other daughter and family live three blocks from The Heritage. With no family left in Washington, Cooby decided to move to San Franciso. She is now available for baby sitting her three young grandsons!



## Cooby ~ Beirut


For the three Fall months of 1969 I lived in Beirut, Lebanon, for the purpose of auditing courses at the American University of Beirut, in teaching early education. Good idea, but stuff happens.
A cousin, and a couple of friends were in the Embassy, so right away I was seeing around town and into the country side. And to Syria, Egypt, and Jordan. Fabulous!
BUT one of my best memories is the evening a group of us went out to dinner, after which we went around the corner to a bar.
Right as we walked in, I saw two men at a backgammon table on my immediate left. They had just finished a game and one of the two men was leaving. The other guy was looking around the bar for
someone to play with, and I turned to my left and said that I'd like to play.
He did not stand up and bow or scrape; just sat there and said the equivalent of "OK".
My friends all went to a table and sat down.
The man and I started playing.
I won.
The man's face tightened dramatically.
He slowly stood up.
He took up the dice in a very tight fist and threw the dice across the bar room floor.
And walked out.
I rejoined my friends.
