# 2022-10-03 To Do

## Karina

Remember to Sign-Up for Samuel P Taylor Park Picnic

Hello Heritage residents

Karina is about to reserve the bus for our Samuel P Taylor Park Picnic.

If you are going, please confirm your name is on the sign-up sheet by the dining room. And get ready for a shady strolls through the stately redwoods along Lagunitas Creek!

Theo

## RC Minutes

done

## Nienke

Hi Nienke

The October events schedule for Heritage has come out. It turns out that the Heritage annual picnic at Samuel P Taylor Park is scheduled for October 13. So I must regretfully decline your kind invitation to the French lunch at Coterie.

Noentless, I would like to help you with adding the ability to accept payments online.

Here are some thoughts.

If you prefer to bank by going to the bank in person, my guess is that any bank officer can assist you in linking an email account to your bank account via Zelle.

Zelle works with most any US bank. See https://www.zellepay.com/

If you already do some banking online, you should be able to add Zelle fairly easily. For example, I bank with Chase Bank. When I log in to the Chase website, I see a menu item: "Pay and transfer". In that menu there is a choice: "Pay bills and send money with Zelle"

Some months ago I went to that page and followed the prompts to set up a connection with my email. It was not too difficult.

I trust Zelle for a number of reasons:

1. Hundreds of banks and millions of users.
2. Money cannot sent to just anybody. You must personally create a profile for any recipient of your money.
3. Any sender must also add you as a profile, so funds will come in randomly
4. There are limits on how much money can be sent by day and month

I hope this helps. Please phone me at 415 828 0000 if you have questions about Zelle. Sorry about the French lunch cancellation. I am still thinking about the Dinkelspiel event. It's not a topic that I am that invested in, but if I can find a fellow resident who is interested, I may accept.

warm regards,

Theo

## Neil Higgins

* https://lctc-sf.org/company/neil-higgins/
* https://www.linkedin.com/in/neil-higgins-10834565/

Hi Neil

Sorry for slow reply. Safe travels!

> Could you tell me the broad strokes of what you're looking for? That way I can come to the meeting with more detailed questions.

My previous email kind of included an "Easter Egg" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Easter_egg_(media). There were two links way at the bottom of the message

> https://evereverland.github.io/2022
> https://theo-armour.github.io/2022/#about-theo-copy.md

EverEverLand is an early stage unfunded start-up. My own personal life experience is an example of a likely candidate customer fpr the startup

Duties could range from doing some things yourself or managing other people doing work - more likely a bit of both.

Some aspects might include:

* Organizing the contents of dozens of boxes of papers - mine and family - and getting them off to the scanning service.
* Cataloging and tagging the digital documents online
* Brainstorming the Digital Afterlife / https://evereverland.github.io/2022/#pages/erika-marthins-digital-afterlife.md
* Responding to the question what is the role of the actor in the Metaverse?

The position is definitely: part time, timings extremely flexible, mixed online and onsite, and very improv

I hope this helps



## Josh

### donor advised fund

https://boltonglobal.com/doc/Donor_Advised_Funds.pdf

### IRA

* Direct to DAF?
* Maximum withdrawal>

## Caffrey Insurance

Mary


## Gardner

forward comments


## Cole


## SF Village / Jill Ellefsen


## David Peritz



## Eleanor Bissell

* Gather her findings

Hi Eleanor

I hope this message finds you recovered and more mobile.

Now that I have the Heritage Happenings and Residents Council Notes are out, we can start to think about House Committee and Capital Improvement 2023 tasks.

One of my first items will be to gather all the promises Oleg has made into one document and try and gauge their completion or incompletion.

After that I would like to email residents individually and see if they have items and issues to be tackled. I will let them know that I will be happy to accept replies by email or by chatting in person.

How are things progressing at your end?

Theo

