# 2024-03-06 Claudia


## 2024-03-06

Hi, Theo,

I agree it would be a good idea for all of us to meet.  Friday the 8th would be more difficult for me than other days.

RE fees:  What you have already paid would include one meeting with your family.

After that, if you felt you wanted my involvement going forward, our current arrangement of $250 a month (based on $80 an hour roughly) would work for me.with the understanding that at some point additional time from me might be needed.

Given your current activities, once items have either been selected or even shipped to family, you might want to pause.  If that is the case, I have no problem with that, though I have been enjoying working with you on your project.

If it can be arranged for me to meet with everyone, I think that might help clarify what you want to do.


## Second Follow-up March 5, 2024

Hi, again, Theo,

In my email below, I mention a book:

Keep the Memories, Lose the Stuff:  Declutter, Downsize, and Move Forward with your Life by Matt Paxton.

The book is quite good – very thoughtfully written.

HOWEVER, I wish the word “declutter” were not used in my industry.  “Simplify” is far more accurate.

In our process of reviewing what we have, we are SIMPLIFYING SO THAT WE MAY MOVE FORWARD.

Claudia

***

Hi, Theo,

In response to:  “educating myself to design the processes that will make it easy to find new homes for old things.”

I think you were very wise to prioritize getting items into the hands of family members.  Depending on what remains, you could:

Send everything to Michaans (perhaps the easiest and most time-efficient thing to do). Michaans would offer the possibility of using the money from sales to support your current values and interests.

Send certain things to Michaans  and select a few items for special attention.  For example, you already have at the Chicago museum in mind for some paintings.  Is there a piece of furniture that you feel an individual outside of your family might like?  Would it be meaningful to you if Heritage on the Marina made use of a piece of furniture – I believe you may have already thought of this?  Would you be interested in donating furniture to a charity such as Community Thrift where you can specify from a list of charities who would benefit sales).  Click on link below for list:
https://www.communitythriftsf.org/charities/

I suggest that you view the furniture as perhaps a smaller part of your multi-part legacy project, which now includes the financing of what could be a truly transformative breakthrough in medicine.

I don’t know if I mentioned this book:

Keep the Memories, Lose the Stuff:  Declutter, Downsize, and Move Forward with your Life by Matt Paxton. For me, his book is a reminder that your online work regarding your ancestors is just as or perhaps even more important in preserving legacy than the actual items themselves.

Paxton’s book also has a good list of what to sell and where.  I do have to say, that in looking over the various lists, I would still suggest the options I listed above.

Best,

Claudia

## Follow-up March 5, 2024

I have spoken with an auctioneer in another state whom I have had a couple contacts with in the past.

Notable comments regarding the furniture:

The auctioneer  agrees Michaans would be a good venue for the furniture.  He cautions, as others have, that the market is very soft even for furniture that is as beautiful as yours.

He suggested that if furniture were going to be repaired, that it be the furniture going to family members.  If one is thinking in terms of money alone, he did not feel the furniture would sell so well in the current market to make repair worthwhile.

Some things regarding Michaans.  Michaans is a higher-end auction house.  Their commissions and buyers premiums are standard for the industry of higher-end auction houses.

There are three things that factor into what one might expect to impact profit:

Commission (charge for logging in, advertising, insurance, staff for auctioning, etc.)
Buyers premium – While the buyer pays directly this premium, any bidder know this and take that into account when they placed a bid.  Michaans Buyers Premium:
“The Buyer shall pay a Buyer's Premium per lot which shall be retained by MA as follows: The buyer's premium is twenty-six percent (26%) of the first $250,000.00 of the bid price, twenty-one percent (21%) of the amount of the bid price above $250,000.00 up to and including $1,000,000.00, and eighteen percent (18%) of the amount of the bid price over $1,000,000.00 if bidding in person, physical absentee form and by telephone.

Buyers Premium for Internet Bidding on All Internet Sites

All internet platforms Buyer’s Premium (BP) is thirty percent (30%) of the first $250,000.00 of the bid price and twenty-five percent (25%) of the amount of the bid price over $250,000.00. “

Transporting – getting furniture to Michaans is another cost considereation.
The auctioneer speculated that the Queen Anne chest on high legs might sell for $1,500.

He thought the English gothic chest quite beautiful and might go for $1,000 - $2,000.”

One thing that may be of interest to you is that he would be available to consult remotely about your various items.  This could be done via ZOOM or via Iphone-Face Time right from the storage unit.  However,, is is not available for the next several days, so perhaps not possible while family it town?  He would charge for this consult.  I would ask to be present.   I just emailed him asking the cost of such a consult if your questions are about potential sale value.  If you have general questions about the auctioning process, my understanding is that he would not charge.

My own take on Michaans is that their mailing list is huge and their advertising would increase the exposure your furniture would have.  If something doesn’t sell, you have the option of trying again, or retrieving the furjniture (the latter I don’t generally recommend).  Most importantly, even though the selling price could be disappointing, people who take the trouble to bid, really want the items, and for some that can be  satisfying.  Plus you would no longer be paying for the storage unit!

PS:  Michaans has based acceptance of your items based on the pictures they received.  I was advised we should resend pictures once family has determined what they want.  (In the past, when a client has not had enough for auction, Michaans has allowed me to place some of those items under my own contract.  Having your items under your own contract though is the best way to go.)

On another matter:  I have some further inquiries out about shipping and will report back soon.

PS:  I tried sending this email to the group email, but it didn’t go through.  Will try again this evening.

Also, will have further reflections by tomorrow.

Claudia


## 2024-03-06

Thank you for sharing your thoughts

I will reply hopefully sometime tomorrow with my own  thoughts and also with some additional information.

In the meantime, I truly believe that great things can happen when we look into rehoming some of our possessions.  The process itself can create an opening for something new and wonderful - - such as your funding of Endiatx.

Best,

Claudia

## Update from Claudia February 23, 2024

Hi, All,

Nancy Lake of an antique store in Berkeley looked at pictures of Theo’s furniture and had this to say:

“Very nice pieces just difficult to sell. I am looking for simple 18th century Americana . I wonder if auctioning the furniture might be a way to liquidate.”

If Theo decides to have Michaans auction some of his furniture, Tammie of that firm suggests the following mover:

Master Movers

Conrad is the owner and his numbers are 415.271.5546 or 415.371.6683.

(I have never personally used them.)

For the furniture the family is keeping, one option would be specialty shippers.  The following all service San Francisco and ship internationally as well:

The following all ship internationally as well as nationally and service San Francisco.

Navis Pack and Ship

https://www.gonavis.com/location/home/south-san-francisco/ca1102

Ship Smart

https://www.shipsmart.com/shipping-furniture

Craters and Freighters

https://www.cratersandfreighterssfbayarea.com/

Best,

Claudia

## 2024-03-22 follow up

Hi, Theo,

Howard of the Antique and Arts store informs me that the two of you connected and that while he thought you had great pieces, he did not have the space to purchase what you have.

I asked if he had any ideas and he said there was an antique store in Berkeley we might try.

I will look up the information on the store and forward it to you.

Best,

Claudia

# 2024-03-06 Claudia

Re:  The buyer audience that Michaans has.  Tammie, their estate person, responds:

“We are world wide and have two live platforms that are used. Live auctioneers, and our own Michaan’s Auctions.

So yes people from around the world can see the items we are putting up for auction.

Not just a Bay Area auction house.”

Also, I just emailed her for clarification as to whether they could come in person to look over items.  Will keep you updated.

Claudia

## Second Update from Claudia February 20, 2024

Re:  Bekins and Shipping:  As I mentioned, COVID has changed a lot of things, one of them being that staffing changes have meant in some cases lesser quality service than in previous years.

The yelp reviews for Bekins that I looked at this evening are very positive from earlier years, and match my previous experience.  I am concerned that several more recent reviews are not positive (though some are).

It is possible that the poorer reviews come from a different location than the one in Burlingame which is the one my clients and I used.

My Bekins contact had said she would get back to me with some information about shipping to Amsterdam.  When she does, I will ask her about the poorer reviews.  I will also check with another senior move manager as to her opinion of Bekins.

As I mentioned earlier, I will check out additional options for small shipments, and also a firm comparable to Bekins.

Re:  Michaans Auctions:  I contacted Tammie of Michaans and she said that per the pictures Theo sent her, that they would accept the items for auction.  She mentioned that the Hobart appraisal was for insurance purposes and that Michaans would recommend pricing at fair market value, which has declined over the years for many of the items.

One advantage to Michaans, or any auction house, is simplicity – once the auction house receives the items, they do all the work related to inventory, advertising, and auctioning.

Michaans sent a contract which I will forward to Theo so you can understand the terms and conditions.  There is no need to sign or make a decision right now as you are still in the exploration phase.

I had been anticipating that Michaans would be coming in person to your storage unit, but instead they accepted based on the photos and sent their contract.  I can ask if they would still come in person to discuss your items,  but perhaps a better next step might be to contact Keith Derrick of Antique and Art Exchange to and arrange for him to come to the storage.    After his visit, perhaps follow up with Michaans about pricing for specific items to compare pricing?

If you do like the idea of Keith possibly coming to the storage unit, when would you like this to happen?

Additional note:  Theo mentioned wanting a sale platform with a wide audience.  I emailed Tammie to find out if Michaans audience is solely the Bay Area, or whether buyers from other parts of the country place bids.

Best,

Claudia

PS:  My apologies for not having attached my first email response today to this thread.  Will try to keep to the same thread in the future.





## 2024-02-20

In addition to sending some shipping info via the group this morning,  I will folluw-up with Michaan's and then report back via the group email.

Also, will respond to other that you sent me.

Best,

Claudia

## 2024-02-20 Shipping Furniture to Amsterdam, Montana, and possibly within California:


AMS Bekins is a company that two clients of mine were very satisfied with.  I thought of them as a starting point since they packed and shipped antique furniture for one client to France and for the other client, Bekins successfully shipped to three different locations out of state.

I also thought of Bekins because at this point we don’t  know the weight of items that will be taken.  With Bekins, if the weight doesn’t meet their minimum  requirements, they “pivot” (Theo’s word, now one of my favorite words) to using a smaller entity.    In the event that they use the smaller entity, my understanding is that they still manage everything.

My contact at Bekins was involved in these earlier transports which is great, as she is very service oriented.   She also knows the ins and outs of shipping internationally, including tax issues.  Of course, Alix may have already shipped before to Amsterdam and have an entity in mind?

My contact at Bekins said that if there needed to be some reorganization in Theo’s second storage unit as a result of clearing out the first storage unit, they could help with that.

She suggested that once it has been determined what furniture will remain in the family, and where the various pieces would be going, that they would come to the storage unit to take inventory and provide a quote. If you decided to use them, they could come on site and handle all three shipments at once.

That aside, it may be that if there is just one or two pieces of furniture going to a particular location, companies such as Navis, Craters and Freighters, or Ship Smart would be better. I suggest that I contact these entities as well to scope things out.

Just as an additional FYI, coincidentally, I just received an email from my senior move organization regarding shipping via UPS:

“We have learned of a potential UPS STRIKE at the end of July. If you use UPS for shipping - the impact on inbound and outgoing small parcel and LTL shipments could be crippling”.  (“LTL” pertains to Less than Truckload).

More follow-up to come.

Claudia

PS:  One current challenge in recommending even valued entities used previously is that following COVID, I find these same firm can be operating with a “B” team.  If you wish to contact Bekins directly, I recommend that you talk specifically with my contact, instead of someone else at Bekins.

Best,

Claudia


## 2024-02-16 Follow-up

Hi, Theo,

On Friday I stopped by Antique and Art Exchange at 151 Vermont St and spoke with two
delightful gentlemen: Keith Dieterich and Howard.
Keith is the antique dealer who said he might be interested in a few of your items.
https://www.aaxsf.com/

Once you have heard back from Michaans, you might want to reach out to Keith. Keith wasn’t
in the store for most of my visit, and I spoke primarily with Howard who seems like someone
who would be willing to provide leads after they have seen all that you have. (You had asked me to send them furniture pictures.)

I enjoyed my visit – items were well displayed. The store is currently keeping the front door
locked and people are let in. Apparently, there is an individual who has mental health issues
who has been creating some problems for the neighborhood. Parking in a lot is available right in front of the store and I had no unfortunate encounters while I was there. I don’t think it would be necessary for you to visit the store in person though – I just went because I wanted to get a better sense of the place.
I did see they had a number of mirrors – you could get their advice concerning the mirrors you have. As I recall you felt they weren’t in good condition, but perhaps they could advise you as
to a suitable home for them.

I was not able to get to another antique store that I want to check out for you later this week when the rain subsides.

More shortly.

Best,

Claudia
