# 2024-02-04

Hi Claudia

Thank you for all your very thoughtful and considered messages. I really appreciate them.

## Joe Macleod

Regarding my message today regarding Joe Macleod, here is a link to his books:

https://www.amazon.com/stores/Joe-Macleod/author/B0721FR3NQ

website: https://www.andend.co/

I will be happy to send you copies of his books if you would like.

I will keep you informed of any progress I make with Joe.

***

I think the following covers most of the very good topics you have raised over the last few weeks that I have not yet responded to.

## Your message of 2024-01-19

## In-person visit

Agreed. Inevitably beneficial.

BTW, Rico's handwriting on his report is so shaky as to be almost illegible. Nonetheless, somehow his visit was worth every penny.

## Financial “thank you”

The "broker" traditionally get a cuts of the action. If the transaction is made public, I'm fine with you getting a cut.

### Local antique dealers

Please feel free to circulate the first "Selected Items of Furniture From Hobart Appraisal 1992" to any local antique dealers you know. I would be interested in their comments.

The three items of particular interest are the 12 Louis XVI style dining chairs, the Federal sofa table, and the Queen Anne style high chest

### Value My Stuff

What do you think they would charge for looking at the twelve items in the first version of the Hobart Appraisal 2024?


## Your messages of 2024-01-23 + 2024-01-24

Auction houses: Michaan's, Clar's and Sotheby's (also Christie's ).

Note all the apostrophes in the names of the auction houses. ;-)

> Maybe send pictures to all three and have one come our for a site visit and the other two estimate online?

Good idea, but I might start with just Michaan's and Clar's. I have a feeling that Sotheby's and Christie's are out of the league of any the items of furniture.

I plan to send the latest version of the Hobart Appraisal 2024 to Michaan's and Clar's. I will ask them to come and have a look at the furniture and give me an idea of current values. I will also indicate that I am interested in selling all the other items in the appraisal at a future date. BTW there are many more objets d'art in the original appraisal that I have not yet copied over to the latest version.

I will draft a message to Tammie Chambless at Michaan's and Deric Torres at Clar's and send it to you for your comments.


## 2024-01-31


### list of libraries that house books and other items related to the history of technology.
> https://guides.library.cmu.edu/hots

> What stood out to me was the Smithsonian’ Dibner Library.

Noted.

### George Armour and the Great Chicago Fire + Presbyterian Church

Guess who wrote the Wikipedia article on George Armour. ;-)

* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:George_Armour

The Church might be nice, but my overarching ambition is to get as many items as possible into the Chicago Art Institute. Planning a strategy for that is a major project for another day.


### Auction houses are good for offering information about various items and for giving you an idea as to current market value

As you can see from the above, I plan to use Michaan's and Clar's for this purpose.


## 2024-02-02

### Secret Drawers

Nothing was found so far in any of the furniture you have seen, but we did find a box of jewels under my mother's bathroom hand basin. ;-)

***

I hope this covers most of the points you have raised. If not, please let me know.

BTW, please know that you have an open invitation to come over to my house for a meal and a chat. I would be happy to send you Uber vouchers to cover the cost of the trip. The food is really quite good - and a wide variety of diets are supported,

Tomorrow: the drafts for Michaan's and Clar's.

Bye for now...

Theo
