# 2024-02-03 Thanks for the pictures and the update

## 2024-02-02

The items in your email are stunningly beautiful!

A quick question for now:  I know some furniture (desks, cabinets, tables) sometimes have secret drawers. Perhaps you know the answer regarding what is listed here, but if not, would Rico know?

People didn't just put valuables in these drawers, but documents, letters.)

## 2024-01-31

First, I am circling back to something NOT related to your current endeavors for the
furniture, but want to make note while I remember: Regarding your CAD designs – I found the attached link to a list of libraries that house
books and other items related to the history of technology.
https://guides.library.cmu.edu/hots
What stood out to me was the Smithsonian’ Dibner Library.
Perhaps you were thinking of posting in your legacy project, but would you consider
additional places?

Re: George Armour and the Great Chicago Fire – Wikipedia amazing story that
confirms a documentary on the Chicago Fire that I recently watched that described
makeshift financial transactions sites were established s quickly following the fire.
George Armour was a very, very, smart fellow!

Quick thought: If some furniture, china donated – would the Chicago Presbyterian
Church be interested? I read that George Armour donated the church tower, though I
suppose the tower burned down in the Chicago Fire…?

Some important repetition re auction houses and clearing out your storage unit.
There are unfortunately many beautiful pieces of furniture that decades ago were worth much more than they are today. I am using worth: in the sense of current market value (what is selling) as opposed to historical and sentimental value. Auction houses are good for offering information about various items and for giving you an idea as to current market value. They also offer a platform for selling your furniture pieces to people who would want them, either for themselves or to resell. In either case, the furniture would end up with someone who see the beauty and value in what they purchase. Another positive about auction houses is that you and the auction house decide on the initial price. If an item does not sell at that price, you can always retrieve it. Yet another advantage is that auction houses is that if they were interested in your furniture, they would take other items as well.
The disadvantage to an auction house is that people often have to pay to have the
furniture transported. Even if the auction house is willing to take the cost of
transportation out of the proceeds, people can end up being disappointed.

You were very smart to set a goal timewise for rehoming the furniture and clearing out one storage unit. I do think it worthwhile to spend some time considering options in addition to an auction house, perhaps spending the most time on one very special piece, and then if you haven’t come upon another alternative, go the auction house
route?

More later.


## 2024-01-24

I have been talking with a gentleman about a matter unrelated to you. He does have experience with various auction houses, so I asked him which one would he consider to be best.  His email reply is below.

"Sotheby’s is top notch .
I prefer michaans to Clar’s.

All attract a good crowd on line , but I suspect Clars gets the most attention but doesn’t have a great reputation."

Just an FYI.

## 2024-01-23

A couple thoughts:

Although Michaan’s has been the auction place I have had the most experience with, when I have given talks, people have often mentioned they sold at Clar’s.

Clar’s does have a higher minimum auction value, but you shouldn’t have any problem with that aspect.  Perhaps consider sending pictures to both Michaan’s and Clars?

Also, you had listed Sotheby’s as a possibility.  I assume you saw the following?

https://www.sothebys.com/en/sell/furniture/french/continental

Maybe send pictures to all three and have one come our for a site visit and the other two estimate online?

Getting an idea as to potential value is a sensible next step.

Depending on what you learn, there may be additional options for your furniture to have a suitable next life.  In looking at the photos, I already have one idea.  More to come.


## 2024-01-19

Hi, Theo:

In terms of Michaans or Clars, a along-winded response follows:

Tammie Chambless at Michaans handles estate sales. Her contact info is:
Tammie Chambless
Assistant Vice President
Trust &amp; Estates, Manager
Michaan&#39;s Auctions
2701 Monarch Street (Physical)
PO Box 489 (Mail)
Alameda CA 94501
Direct: (510) 227-2530
tammie@michaans.com
www.michaans.com

Note: there are two Tammies at Michaans, so in calling, specify Tammie Chambless.
She will probably tell you to send pictures first. Now comes the long-winded part.
If your intention is for now to just focus on the 6 furniture pieces, she will probably forward your pictures to their furniture person for a response. For six items, they may just respond via email and not come in person.
However, you could send the pictures of six furniture pieces and say that at a later date you are interested in getting their input on a lot more. If you were willing to show the other items all at once, I believe they would come in person.
Wouldn’t hurt to ask. If you contact Tammie, do mention my name, as she knows me.

Re: Clars:
I have not auctioned with them yet. This is not a reflection on them, rather, just a decision some of my clients have made, in part because Clar’s has a higher minimum for auctioning with them than Michaans.

I have emailed them from time to time and been pleased with the prompt response.
I suggest contacting:
Deric Torres, ISA AM

Senior Vice President
Trusts and Estates
Director, Furniture and Decorative Arts Department
Mobile 1.510.504.9117s
Office 1.510.428.0100 (x122)
Clars Auction Gallery
5644 Telegraph Avenue
Oakland, CA  94609
www.clars.com

If you contact Deric, although he won’t remember me, I suggest saying: “Senior Move Manager Claudia Kraehe of Step By Step Downsizing suggested I contact you.”

This is because he is familiar with the National Association of Senior and Specialty Move Managers of which I am a member. In contacting him via email, I suggest sending pictures in the same way you would send to Michaans along with telling them there could be more items later on.
I would also ask them about their for-fee in-person visit as opposed to their free in-person visit to determine which would be best for you.

I do want to say that a client of mine was very disappointed in what her beautiful large English table sold for years ago at Michaan’s. However, “large” furniture has not commanded a great price for years.

Even though I have done a lot of business with Michaan’s, in your case I would be tempted to start with
Clar’s, asking about the difference with the for-fee visit and the free in-person visit.

Of course, an in-person visit would require pulling everything out, while an email response about your pictures would not require this effort.
I have always appreciated in-person visit, whether from an auction house or some other vendor because the person who shows up has almost always had interesting info to impart.

Note: Years ago, Clars offered me some financial “thank you” for sending clients. I don’t know if this is still the case. It has been my policy not to take such offers even though this practice is not uncommon in the antique-auction business. I have always asked that instead vendors give my clients great service.
Because I can’t guarantee any satisfactory sale price from an auction, I don’t want the burden of a client being upset because I in some way benefited when he/she did not.

Additional Note: There may be a local antique furniture dealer who would be interested in what you
have. I was hoping Rico might know of a possibility?
Also, I will be contacting an antique dealer in the next few days about another matter, and if it is ok with
you, I could make an initial inquiry. Please advise.

Additional, additional note: If you were to send pictures of the furniture piece you are most interested in in determining value, to Value My Stuff, they do get back very quickly. I could do this for you if you like. I have a subscription with them, so would just charge you what they charge me. Or, send in
yourself?

Best,

Claudia

## 2024-01-18

The thought below may be the result of my not thoroughly understanding some important details about the provenance of the furniture and other items yet, but….

Would the Chicago Art Institute be interested in furniture and other items beyond family portrait(s)?   Perhaps for a special exhibit?

See link below:

https://www.artic.edu/support-us/ways-to-give/antiquarian-society

Just can’t help having a few ideas.

