# 2024-03-06Theo


Hi Claudia


## Meeting

Will you be available to meet with my daughters and me on Saturday afternoon?

We could meet at the units at Public Storage. I am guessing we might be there sometime between 1pp and 4pm. We can work around your schedule.

I will be pleased to pay for a taxi or Uber for you to get there and back.


## Furniture Selection

There are sixteen items of furniture to be dealt with. Fingers crossed my daughters decide what they want and we can provide the Michaan's appraiser with a list of items to be auctioned = perhaps ten or so items.


## Michaan's

I will sign the Michaans contract and send to Tammie on Thursday.

I wil send you copies of the contract documents.

Assuming their appraiser comes to visit, I assume some pieces wil be selected for auction and some will be rejected. Also some pieces selected will not sell at auction.

## Rejected Items

The first thing would be to notify any of the dealers you have been in touch with and see if they may want any of the items.

After that the items can be offered to Community Thrift or similar. I might also offer them at no charge to Rico to see iff he wants to restore one or more of the items and sell them.


## Transport and Shipping

There will movements of:

* small numbers of items of furniture (other items later) to my daughters
* Half a dozen or so items to be shipped to Michaan's

A company willing to help with small shipments would be ideal. I will see if one on my daughters will look into this - using the names you have kindly provided.


## Keep the Memories, Lose the Stuff: Declutter, Downsize, and Move Forward with Your Life

I hear you about the word "declutter". I was never cluttered to begin with.

The name of the folder where I keep track of what is going on is: "Simplicity". I am very much in your camp here.

BTW, Paxton's book is on my Kindle app.


## March Payment

Just sent you $250 by PayPal


***

Well, that's it for now. I hope you are well and happy. I look forward to meeting up.

Cheers,

Theo



