# 2024-01-18 Claudia


## 2024-01-19

Hi, Theo:
In terms of Michaans or Clars, a along-winded response follows:

Tammie Chambless at Michaans handles estate sales. Her contact info is:
Tammie Chambless
Assistant Vice President
Trust &amp; Estates, Manager
Michaan&#39;s Auctions
2701 Monarch Street (Physical)
PO Box 489 (Mail)
Alameda CA 94501
Direct: (510) 227-2530
tammie@michaans.com
www.michaans.com
Note: there are two Tammies at Michaans, so in calling, specify Tammie Chambless.
She will probably tell you to send pictures first. Now comes the long-winded part.
If your intention is for now to just focus on the 6 furniture pieces, she will probably forward your
pictures to their furniture person for a response. For six items, they may just respond via email and not
come in person.
However, you could send the pictures of six furniture pieces and say that at a later date you are
interested in getting their input on a lot more. If you were willing to show the other items all at once, I
believe they would come in person.
Wouldn’t hurt to ask.
If you contact Tammie, do mention my name, as she knows me.

Re: Clars:
I have not auctioned with them yet. This is not a reflection on them, rather, just a decision some of my
clients have made, in part because Clar’s has a higher minimum for auctioning with them than
Michaans.
I have emailed them from time to time and been pleased with the prompt response.
I suggest contacting:
Deric Torres, ISA AM

## 2024-01-18 ~ A Thought

The thought below may be the result of my not thoroughly understanding some important details about the provenance of the furniture and other items yet, but….

Would the Chicago Art Institute be interested in furniture and other items beyond family portrait(s)?   Perhaps for a special exhibit?

See link below:

https://www.artic.edu/support-us/ways-to-give/antiquarian-society


## 2024-01-18 ~ More Follow-up Re Furniture


I don’t know if you are aware of this, but I know both Michaan’s and Clar’s  will send someone in person to your home or storage units to give an informal opinion as to  potential value at auction.  Typically, one sends them some pictures and if you have enough items they think would do well at auction, they will advise you in person for free.  In addition, Clar’s, for a fee, will spend more time giving people an opinion than at the free visit.    Below is the link:

https://clars.com/selling/valuations/https://clars.com/selling/valuations/

I saw that Sotheby’s is on your list of auction places.  Possibly they have a similar program?

I know with Michaan’s one need not end up auctioning items with them even though they do an in person visit.  I would hope this is true of the other places as well.

One caution which I mentioned before.  Sometimes people pay to ship furniture to an auction house and then are disappointed in the outcome. I have always felt there is value in no longer paying for storage.


Your description:

“There was turmoil at my house today because our #2 got a new job as a #1 elsewhere and our #1 is taking a leave of absence because of medical issues and #3 is remote.”

The above events are a good example of what I mentioned earlier:  For one reason or another, the likelihood of disruptions has increased over the past few years and this has lead me to advise to be flexible in terms of goals we set and also our expectations.

I love your reaction:  “The dream evolves.”  Hopefully you will have many meaningful moments in the course of your legacy project and they will equal or surpass your initial dream.

Best,

Claudia

## 2024-01-17 Re: Checking In

I hope your meeting today with Rico was informative - - did he have any thoughts on who or what entity might be excited to have some of the furniture?


## 2024-01-16 ~ Latest Response -- More to Follow -- Claudia

Question regarding Aunt B:  Could you refresh my memory on Aunt B’s interests and what she did?  I know there is her legacy of the furniture, art, and other items, but what motivated her in life?  Did you have much of a connection with her?
Would you see value in having you videotaped reflecting on how the furniture pieces typify Aunt B or how the furniture is an important part of your legacy project?  Also, since you have been the steward of her legacy, pinpointing what motivated her, might give clarity in choosing the next homes for her possessions.
Am I correct, that after what your family takes of the furniture, you are satisfied with possibly one venue, say an auction house, selling the furniture.  However, with the other items from silver to artwork, there is a desire to personally know who buys the items?
If the above is correct, then keep in mind that the latter can take longer than if multiple items are sold in one venue.  Some people end up compromising and targeting maybe a few items for the most perfect home and the rest are rehomed using less stringent criteria.
Another reason I ask is that typically with auction houses, the more potential financial value there is with what is being auctioned, the auction house takes less of a percentage.  Just an FYI.
Re:  Museum:  I recall you want some of the paintings related to your ancestors who were involved with the Chicago Art Institute to go there. I have not had direct experience with high level donations or sales to museums, but I have heard that doners sometimes stipulate that the work will be on display a certain amount of time as opposed to being in storage.
In reading that part of your vision is to direct some money from sales to paying off student loans and to gifting to the ACH., I was reminded of a very informative video regarding collections and things to think about in terms of gifting, donating, selling.  The video is from a recent American Numismatic Association talk by Jeffery Pritchard, a retired financial planner and author.  Although the topic pertains to numismatic collections, many of the same issues arise with other collections.  You already have a great plan in place for how you want to manage things so this may not be of interest.  Am attaching a link to the talk just in case.
https://youtu.be/fQiEjfRRB1A?feature=shared

The Ever Everland site is a great undertaking – is this your own creation that is building upon Origin Story?   Please clarify.

More soon.
Claudia


## 2024-01-08 ~ Claudia's Comments to Theo January 8 2024


Preface 2024-01-01

1 Finishing the Design
I feel “pivot” is the perfect word, for in releasing some of our possessions, we are moving towards something – another way of living.

Purpose: The problems to be solved
What is the meaning of an elderly life?
What agency does an oldster have?
What are old people good for?
How to prevent becoming useless?
What anti-aging strategies are there?
How to be useful to you children and grandchildren?
How to be useful to your community?
Legacy
The smallest burden you can leave behind is to leave nothing at all
What is a good ancestor
How to be useful to your descendants, to the historian of the future, to the future itself?
Theo, with your questions, your lists, you have already made a contribution.  A whole lot of people, some of them senior move managers, will be interested and enlightened.
The word “Grok”
I thought for the first time in years about Piet Hein when I saw your word “grok”.  In the early 1970s he wrote small books of “Grooks” – I still have one of them.   I believe he had something to do with the Stockholm roundabout?  A designer like you…

Things Theo can Make and Do:
Lincoln Logs, Tinker Toys, Erector Sets, Legos, plastic models of planes and boats and any other construction kit I could get my hands on.
Theo, do you happen to have pictures or home movies of you engaged in various activities in the lists during your early years and on?  If not, just the lists are incredible!
Were some of the items in your storage unit the ones that you “worked/played” with as a child?   I had not realized that when I was in your storage unit.  If so, especially cool.

More to come in a couple days.

Claudia


## 2024-01-05 ~ Simplicity: please try again

Hi, Theo,

This is the most amazing, thoughtful, and exciting writing on a topic I care very much about.  I will be sending preliminary responses shortly.

Question:  Do I just reply to you, or reply to all?

Second, how did your visit to the storage unit go on Thursday?  What did Enrico say about the chairs?

Best,
