# 2024-01-18 Theo

Link to Claudia's recent messages

* https://theo-armour.github.io/agenda/#1-simplicity/claudia/2024-01-18-claudia.md

## Thanks

Claudia: I can't tell you how much I appreciate your help and support. There are too few people in this world who are willing to write a long email and share their thoughts and feelings. I am truly grateful for your time and effort.


## Would the Chicago Art Institute be interested in furniture and other items beyond family portrait(s)? Perhaps for a special exhibit

Fingers crossed: yes. There is not one piece of furniture that I can attribute to George Armour, but something like half a dozen works of art that he donated to the Art Institute.

Here is a link to what I have written on the portrait of Barbara Allison Armour

https://evereverland.github.io/2019/#everlandings/theo-armour/barbara-allison-armour/README.md

## Question regarding Auntie B

>Could you refresh my memory on Aunt B’s interests and what she did?  I know there is her legacy of the furniture, art, and other items, but what motivated her in life?  Did you have much of a connection with her?

Sharing my memories of Auntie B, my parents, grandparents and the other family members I grew up with is a big part of the Final Design.

## Michaan’s and Clar’s

How come both have such strange names? ;-)

Thanks for the tips that they will send somebody out to look at furniture. Can you suggest which one I should start with first?

I will update the manifest I sent to Rico that has pictures and text.

## EverEverLand

EverEverLand is mine. It was the second attempt at wrangling people that seemed interested.

The first failure is here:

https://evereverland.github.io/2019



