# 2024-02-18 Cl;audia


## 2024-02-15 ~ Text of messages with Clars Auction House

Hi, Theo,

The entity that expressed an interest in some of your furniture was the antique dealer.  Also, there is another antique dealer I can contact and will do so.

Once Michaan's has responded, we will have a better sense of how to proceed.

_Agreed_

Clar's response had only to do with the current market and has nothing to do with historical value.

_I understand_

I have other ideas in addition to antique dealers, after Michaan's responds.

_Cool!_

Best,

Claudia

## 2024-02-15 #2

Hi, again, Theo,

First, should I be responding to All or to just you?  Please advise.

_I think it's fine to respond to all. You are really good at starting freash threads, so your messages are quick reads. You cau use ecat@ace-it.groups.io to reach all of us: ecat = Eloise, Cynthia, Alix & Theo_

Second, Please do not feel discouraged.  You are in a very desirable position.

_Not to worry. I live in a place where seldom is heard a discouraging word. ;-)

Step 1 – You have the time to get a sense of the current market and that is what you are doing.  I will be interested not only in what Michaans says but also if Deric comes back with some suggestions.

_Agreed, but no reply so far from Deric_

Step 2 -  This step has already begun.  So far one antique furniture dealer has expressed an interest in some of your furniture pieces.  I am reaching out to two more.

_Nice! - and thank you._

Step 3 -  There is a good chance that with the information obtained in Step 1 and Step 2, you will have a clearer idea of how you want to proceed.

_Fingers crossed_

One possibility I can see emerging already is that one or more antique dealers take some pieces.   Then, perhaps a couple furniture  items could go to Michaans.  While Michaans has a minimum value they want in order to auction, I can probably place a couple pieces of furniture with them under my contract.  (There would be a cost in transporting the furniture.)

_That sounds like a good plan._

_I look forward to one of their reps coming to the storage unit to take a look at the furniture. The visit wil help us gauge the comparitive "historical" worth of the items,_

For the remaining furniture, there are liquidation companies that come on site and give you a very low offer, but that offer typically includes free pickup.

There are also charities that pickup furniture.  That of course would be a donation.

Another option might be an estate sale company that would sell items off site. I have never dealt with one of these companies, but I could make an inquiry.

Yet another option would be consignment.

I generally avoid consignment because it can be complicated and estate sales for the same reason.

The above scenario is just one and it will be interesting to hear what Michaans says.

In terms of Craig’s list and FaceBook Market Place, that can be time consuming posting, then fielding the responses, then people always show up at the appointed time, and when they do, they can decide they are no longer interested.  Just an FYI.

_Responding to all of the above:_

_My hope is that somewhere in all these people there is a dealer qho is some sort of Ebay or "Amazon of antiques" specialist - somebody who can locate buyers from any locale. I am not sure if such a people exists, but I am hoping._

Tomorrow, I hope to visit an antique shop that I recently heard about, and I will report back.

_Nice!_

It is always worth remembering – and you have mentioned this yourself – that there is financial gain by having one storage unit as opposed to two.

_The sooner the better_

I hope the above is helpful.

_Always!_

Best,

Claudia

## 2024-02-18 ~ Follow-up

Hi, Theo,

On Friday I stopped by Antique and Art Exchange at 151 Vermont St and spoke with two
delightful gentlemen: Keith Dieterich and Howard. Keith is the antique dealer who said he might be interested in a few of your items.

https://www.aaxsf.com/

Once you have heard back from Michaans, you might want to reach out to Keith. Keith wasn’t in the store for most of my visit, and I spoke primarily with Howard who seems like someone who would be willing to provide leads after they have seen all that you have. (You had asked me to send them furniture pictures.)

I enjoyed my visit – items were well displayed. The store is currently keeping the front door locked and people are let in. Apparently, there is an individual who has mental health issues who has been creating some problems for the neighborhood. Parking in a lot is available right in front of the store and I had no unfortunate encounters while I was there.

I don’t think it would be necessary for you to visit the store in person though – I just went because I wanted to get a better sense of the place.
I did see they had a number of mirrors – you could get their advice concerning the mirrors you have. As I recall you felt they weren’t in good condition, but perhaps they could advise you as to a suitable home for them.

I was not able to get to another antique store that I want to check out for you later this week when the rain subsides.

_All good! Fingers crossed: we get a response from Michaan's__


More shortly.

Best,

Claudia
