# Philip & Josh

Some thoughts just for the two of you:

At our meeting last week, I was "hearing" that Alex saw the Pyxl sale as a strong solution to his personal battles.

This week, I heard Noah wanting to come to bat as the fixer.

Both views have viable aspects. But they are very different.

Frankly, I cannot see Noah pushing strongly in the direction of a WSD sale to Pyxl, but I was pleased to hear him beginning to take a leadership position in determining the future of WSD.

On the other hand, after hearing about Alex's feedback, it looks like Alex still feels that the Pyxl offer is the more viable route.

## Noah

What I hope to hear from Noah before too long are things such as:
I've passed some of my existing duties on to such and such employee.
I've got Joe looking for contacts and agreements
We're working on automating the billing process
What I don't want to hear is
I'm carrying out all my duties and working an extra twenty hours over the weekend

## Pyxl

https://pyxl.com/
CEO Brian Winter | LinkedIn ~ lives in Charleston
CFO Bill Ranney | LinkedIn ~ Washington DC ~ Yale MBA
Offices: Scottsdale, Boulder and Knoxville
30+ employees
Working with a Salesforce competitor: HubSpot
Support: WordPress, Drupal & Laravel
Many jobs are posted on the site for front-end and marketing, but none in engineering
30 employees on LinkedIn - only a handful are techs, and they are remote
The buyout appears to be bona fide. There are possibilities for a good fit. And there are possibilities for Pyxl taking all the customers and shutting down the shop. Much would depend on how Noah carries the ball,

## Next Steps
Steps 1 & 3 of Noah's proposed plan should proceed without delay. Even with a Pyxl buyout, WSD needs a fully-performing CEO. The sooner Noah can tell the team that he is CEO the better. Stock transfer can wait until the PyXl over.

IIRC, Pyxl's offer is due May 22 - which is Monday. We don't know how long it will take for Alex to say yay or nay on further processing of the offer, but my guess is just a few days. Even if Alex wishes to pursue the Pyxl offer, it may still be beneficial to transfer at least some percent of his share to Noah.

If Alex decides not to pursue to Pyxl offer or if it fails at some later date prior to consummation, then the fill 39% transfer would kick in. If the offer does proceed, then Noah could be encouraged to become the Pyxl CIO.

## Next Next Steps
Don't forget AI. The kind of stuff that Laraval codes do does not require "10x programmers". It's very situated in the realm where peeps will get replaced by bots.
"Elon Musk says he’s cut about 80% of Twitter’s staff" and even with 20%, I still get all my tweets.
Pyxl seems to run on marketing, UX peeps and freelancers?
There's crazy stuff going out there now. So, there's safety in numbers. Pyxl makes sense to me. And - if the offer is rational - I could see both Noah and Alex - eventually - taking leadership roles there. And I could see some of WSD's bigger clients - Golden, Compass Mcgloughlin - being happy with the upgrade.

I hope this helps. Talk to you Thursday,

Theo
