# WSD PLE JH

## Alex

For decades, Alex has persevered in the quest for a successful management team. Dozens of peeps have been involved. We have know many of them - and that includes each of us.

For sure, Alex may have scuttled his own chances by being too demanding. Nonetheless, somewhere out there in the real world, there are people that might have complemented Alex's skills and made WSD a success.

The luck of the draw is that none of the prospects panned out. WordPress was founded in 2003. GoDaddy was founded in 1997. WSD was founded in 1995. With a different shuffle Alex might have been Bob Parsons or Matt Mullenweg. But he just ended up with Alex.


## Noah tasks

* Noah's time for the next few weeks (months) will be taken up by learning the billing process and more
* Unless Joe pulls a rabbit out of his hat, WSD not be making many if any sales.
* Without a sales pipeline, WSD will lose increasing amounts per month as time goes on
* In no way do I see Noah as having the charisma, drive or skills to be a Bob Parsons or Matt Mullenweg let alone Alex. I have no feeling or optimism that a company led by Noah would need or profit from a board of directors such as the one we have now


## Pyxl & WSD Fit

Pyxl could be a superb fit
* They have sales, front end, user experience expertise, Yale MBA CFO, remote experience

WSD
* Cloud hosting expertise
* Lengthy historical client list
* Star clients: Golden, Compass, McLaughlin, Santana,Puzzle
* Anything else


## WSD Observations


### DigitalOcean
DigitalOcean do the heavy lifting for WSD. They are the ones that have the servers, the data centers, the bandwidth, the security, the backups, the monitoring, the support, the billing, etc. WSD is in mny ways just a reseller.

### Staff Generally

* Secretive
* No observable pride in their skills; no showing off; no visible pride
* No mission or vision

### Noah
* Noah: crucial but tiny aspect of WSD
* Apparently skilled at what he does, but what he does may not be critical

### Team members

* The other day Alex pointed out that half the staff are at 50% capability.
* My feeling: it's always like this
* Team members are "salaried workers"
* No visible online presences, hutzpah, drive, etc.

