# 2024-06-20 Website


## 2024 Member Roster

I have looked at the list of Members that Dennis sent to me a while ago. I confirm that every name on that list is also currently on Members only page 2024 member roster.

## Website Clay Jackson Audio Recordings

(Sounds like a person of the streets to me. ;-)

On the members-only page, I clicked on all three of the links to download the Clay Jackson audio, but all three iCloud links have expired. Who can I contact in order to get these audio recordings? I would like upload them to the Wix site and then also transcribe them and make the text plus summary available on the website.

## Questionnaire

Do we want to send out a questionnaire to the members of the Seminar? If so, what questions do we want to ask? And how do we want to ask them? I can create a Google Form for this purpose.

Possible Questions:

* Would you like to have your email address Published on the members only page. ?
* Would you like to join an online chat group?
* If so, would you like WhatsApp? Regular SMS Text messages. ? Telegram? Any others?
* Would it be a nice idea to have an "alumni" page That would list the names of members who have passed or moved away ?
* Would you like to have a page where you can post your own writings, photos, etc?
* Would you like a page that had links to The websites of organizations That are important and relevant to Members of Sacramento Seminar?


## Spotswood message to newsletter page workflow

Last week I had a quick look at automating thw workflow so that any message sends to a designated email address would be automatically posted to the SacSem website. I will continue to work on this.


## spotswood@comcast.net

Hi Dick

I am really enjoying your newsletter. In the world of politics, it seems to me, there are many talkers and not so many writers. Thank you for being one of the writers—and a concise, clear one as well.

I also enjoy writing, researching and online due diligence. So I am wondering, is there anything I can do to help you get your message out.

Also, what would you think about having some kind of online chat group or forum, or way that we can communicate With each other using our phones, computers and tablets? Would you like to discuss this? And if so, given that I do have the technical skills, what can I do to help get something like this going ?

