# 2020-03-02 Heritage


## Dr Martin

I have recently submitted an application to Heritage on the Marina - a senior retirement community.

https://heritageonthemarina.org/

Applicants are required to submit a "personal physician statement". See the PDF file attached. Would you kindly complete the statement for me? For the fun of it, I filled in a copy myself which is attached. If it eases the burden of answering all the questions, this is good. If it is against any rules, please trash it.

Fingers crossed I am accepted into the "life care" plan which provides for assisted living and skilled as and when needed at a monthly fee fixed to the normal monthly fee with no surcharges.

There are some good reasons for this move:

* The entry fee and monthly prices are very reasonable
* The building (Julia Morgan, architect), facilities and location are second to none in SF
* Management is by a small, local very well-funded charity

I recently spent two nights in a guest room at the Heritage. I was knocked out by how the residents are so engaged, open and happy. There was a huge difference in feel compared to the grumpy old peeps in The Gateway where I live now. And as one of the first baby boomers, I can hear the footsteps of the millions behind me. Available places at the Heritage are likely to garner very long waiting lists. It makes sense, particularly with my disabilities, to seek out living solutions where I may continue to be a useful, productive member of society and needs such as good nutrition, fall risk prevention and high social engagement are paramount.




## From Patrick

I spoke with a customer at Bing's today who grew up in the apartment building next to The Hertitage, she (49) spoke very highly of the facility. Especally of the fact they have on site care for simple issues, i.e., an xray on site if needed if one falls, instead of going to the Emergency room and wasting time. Also amazing "road trips" via van to various places.

Also a 3 block walk to "The Horseshoe Tavern". I also spoke with my dad about it, where they are they have something similar which one of their friends have already moved to.

He mentioned one cautionary note;  start with a 1 bedroom as you are younger than the general population in the facility, that will give you similar space and privacy for the next coming years. Then downsize to the studio/kitchenete later on as needed. Simply put in J.Murphy's word's, its like going from kindergarden to first grade. ( In Bakersfield they can "Hold "you back 1 year) after that you must move to 1st grade. In your situation they might not have the space to give you an upgrade in the future. Regards, Patrick


## From Tania

Lee Payne and Josh
Attorney
Accountant
Elder Care Info and planning


Attorney
By Laws and 1 year board meeting minutes (I feel request from lawyer better than Burkes)
In case of bankruptcy
Modifications to apartment
Insurance

Accountant
Which financial plan Heritage offers best for you


Apartment
Wood floor in bedroom
Closet modification
Internet connections
Blinds
How many windows ;-)
Check sink for dishwashing
Wall support bars placed top work for you
TP holder in correct place




Burkes (Son being a lawyer would think they would have good info or access to info)
Elder Care lawyer/Attorney
Accountant
Insurance

Phil
Accountant
Attorney
