# 2025-04 hh text


## Eleanor Bissell
Tue, Mar 11, 10:20 PM


I was raised on a small farm in Massachusetts
In the midst of eleven children,
I emulated Mom who always had her eyes
On the care and feeding of her family
And never lost sight of us.
She treated us all equally
And was proud of us as individuals.
She was kind and generous at home
And in the neighborhood.
She sparkled with that saving grace ~ Humor.

I was in awe of Dad
Who worked long hours
At several jobs.
He knew farm animals,
Could take apart automobiles
And repair engines.
He managed a grocery store
And built houses.
He taught tangible skills
And intangible values:
Respect for the dignity of elders,
The wisdom of children,
The preciousness of all.
He taught us respect for the land
and natural resources

Mom was born February 28, 1908. I always think of her on her birthday and buy yellow roses, her favorite. Dad was born March 11, 1910. He gave me early lessons on economy and let me know "what builds character". We are a family of 11 siblings and celebrate the octaves of our births. I recently sent the Round Robin with historic photos of my parents. Their born days overlap. All of the above led me to write the tribute, which actually wrote itself.


## Tom King

First Trip to Hawaii

For our first ever trip to Hawaii Val and I and our 1 or 2 year old first son flew to Hilo and rented an old camper truck. We took about a week to drive all around the big island (this was before the lava flows cut off the southern part of the route) and camped on beaches. The camper was perfect for our toddler because it had a bathroom, a shower, a bed, and a kitchen – and it was always right on a beach. The only imperfection in the plan surfaced one morning when the truck refused to start. After spending a morning rebuilding the carburetor of that old Ford V-8 we resumed our frugal journey ending successfully back in Hilo.


## Tony

Aloha Nui Loa
This familiar beginning Aloha is a universal Hawaiian greeting meaning hello or goodbye. Adding Nui Loa means hello or goodby with much love. The 50th state of the union is blessed with beautiful mountains and valleys and sun lite sandy beaches.
But the Hawaiian Islands are really people, music and food. The population is a mixed culture and it is an exciting to learn and participate. One example is my Wahine and I learned to pound Mochi at New Years. The people are laid back and enjoy their music, hula and food. During the Easter season the Merrie Monarch Festival is held in Hilo, with many Halaus participate in hula competition. 
As a mainland Haloe (white person), it takes time to be accepted by the locals. But once accepted you dive into the various cultures and enjoy their music and food. Speaking
of food, enjoy the Loco Moco (rice, topped by hamburger, gravy and a fried egg) at Cafe 100 in Hilo. You drive up the coast to Tex’s Drive Inn to get Malasadas (Portuguese donuts) and on the way to play golf, I pick up three Spam Musubis (spam on top of a rice cake wrapped with Nori-seaweed). It is a fact that Hawaiians consume more spam per cap it’s than any othe state. All of this food is Broke da Mouth.
Aloha Nui Loa

## Val

Wisdom Stories of Tibet
Report by Val Szigeti

I attended Laura Burges’s discussion of her book titled Wisdom Stories of Tibet. The book contains 14 beautifully illustrated folk tales for kids (ages 6+), and here is a brief summery of one of those stories:
Once upon a time there were two friends living in Tibet. One day the first friend had to go on a trip. He gave the second friend three bags of gold for safekeeping. When he returned his friend greeted him warmly but informed him that while he was away the gold had unfortunately and mysteriously turned into rocks. The returning friend was disappointed but seemed to accept the bad news. 
Some time later the second friend had to go on a trip and asked the first friend to take care of his three children while he was away. The first friend readily agreed but soon bought three monkeys and taught them to respond to the names of the three children. On the day the second friend returned the first friend sent the children upstairs and when the second friend arrived the first friend informed him that unfortunately and mysteriously his children had turned into monkeys. The friend was devastated and not believing the story, called out the names of his children one by one; and one by one a different monkey came to him in response to each name. 
Needless to say the first friend got his gold back and the second friend was happily reunited with his children. 

## Fred

The Population Bomb

In 1968 this book was published by Professor Ehrlich. He promised that the world’s unchecked population growth would eventually lead to over population which with food shortages would cause massive uprisings and turmoil. Population growth did continue to the turn of the last century. Then something unexpected happened. Growth stalled and from then to now it has declined.
The reason is the western nations have stopped having so many babies. China adopted the one child policy, then saw that was disastrous and recently adopted a payment of $14,000 for each new child. This was reported to be a failure on the front page of the Wall Street Journal last Friday.
"The End of Children” in the March 3, 2025 New Yorker also reported extensively on the world’s declining population.
The accepted ratio is every couple should have 2.1 children to maintain a stable population. South Korea currently has a ratio of 0.7. This means 100 adult Koreans will leave. behind only 12 grandchildren.
What is the matter? Self imposed solitude. Socially undeveloped Childhood, leads almost inexorably to socially stunted adulthood. Social disconnection helps explain progressives’ stubborn inability to understand Donald Trump’s appeal.
More and more single adults live alone and do not participate in community activities. We also now have AI which separates us from real people.
Do you remember “Bowling Alone” about 20 years ago? In theory author Putnam is arguing that a lone bowler does not experience any sense of fellowship or connection with his neighbors or the community.
The current USA ratio is 1.6 children per couple. Some suggest the next measurement will be lower. What can be done to raise the ratio? Immigration of families with children? More facilities for younger teenagers for sports activates. How to encourage more community activities for all ages.
We are fortunate because living in the Heritage offers constant interaction with others.

## myra

