The Ancient Chinese Merchant Ships
Between the 12th and 15th centuries, Chinese merchants developed extensive trade routes between China, Africa, Arab countries  and other ports around the China Sea and the Indian Ocean. There were well-developed trade routes connecting China overland across India and Asia to the Middle East.  There were trading centers in which East met West to facilitate trade. Think Marco Polo, whose family had established ties all the way to China. It was called The Silk Road - we learned about it in school. Marco Polo traveled the Silk Road in the 13th century. In his writing about his travels, he reported that he saw some of these great sailing ships.
The Chinese merchants built ships, huge for that time to enable oceanic trade, faster than overland on foot. They had developed an innovative rudder sailing system that worked for larger ships. They may have built ships at about 500 feet long and 50 feet wide. For comparison, Columbus's master ship, the Santa Maria, was about 90 feet long and 30 feet wide. The Chinese ships sailed with a fleet of smaller maintenance ships to carry supplies and provide support. Had these ships survived, they would have been the beginning of a worldwide trade empire for the Chinese that outdid the trade worlds developed previously. The ships apparently did not stand up to the oceanic stresses. \par
In the 15th century, The Chinese did it again. Admiral Zheng He sailed a fleet of seven ships Eastward to Yemen. They were called treasure or gem ships. They carried rich, luxurious gifts for  the sultan of Yemen. It seems to have been a reopening of diplomatic and trade relations. There is a document written by a Yemenese historian describing the event. He wrote that the sultan returned the gesture. The ships were probably carrying trade goods as well as gifts. These trips continued into the 17th century.  Reports are few and varied. The ships were said to be as long as 550 feet.
I first read about this piece of history in Archaeology Magazine and there are other sources documenting this history. I found a  tangential story on the internet by Nicholas Kristof, the well-known New York Times journalist. In his travels, he visited a small island, Pate, off the coast of Kenya. There, he came across a small population of natives who looked decidely Asian. They claimed to be the descendants of a crew of Chinese sailors who were shipwrecked off this island centuries ago.
They held to their story as it had been passed down over generations of intermarriage within the local population.