it started to pour with rain and I walk through the small town seeking shelter. I saw a very inviting bar called Guillermo's which had an open veranda to the street, and a man was playing a guitar. so I sat on the veranda and ordered a margarita and waiting for the rain to stop. after the rain eased off I explored the little village on this aisle of Ela delanwhereas, and we startled to discover a fantasy Van Cleef and our pills jewelry store!! what a difference in her has for my first visit circuit 1979 when there was only a few narrow lanes and two restaurants with dirt floors! I find Mexico is more more prosperous than it used to be; no more beggars, and everything is nicer. I would not have recognized dealer from my previous visit.

I return to Cancun, shout and change, and set out for the evening. that night I wore my new outfit of turquoise skirt and shirt and return to the Hyatt caribe for happy hour 6:00 to 7:00 p.m. - double margaritas for $4 because they have a live band and a good singer. then I had dinner again at Mr Papa's and ordered my favorite meal of two baked potatoes with lots of toppings for $7. then I continued on to a disco. I cannot remember the name of it, but it is a very large establishment taking its up its own building, with a billboard easily visible from the bus window advertising that between 10 and 11:00 p.m. there was no cover charge, so I went in. The disco proper had not got yet got into full swing but the back bar was open and full of people. American girls flocked to Cancun in groups of four or five and have a really good time as the Mexican men make such a fuss of them. Mexican still flirt with me, at 58. ah, what members are my fun and sexy youth! sorry. those were my Golden Days of my golden youth! One of my nights I had some beers at hard Rock Cafe which is fun here as they have a live event and eye danced. two nights I spent at senior frogs because they have live entertainment and it's a raucous young college crowd but fun. actually I have had a lot of fun in Cancun, though I have not gotten into many conversations as almost everyone is with their own partner, but anyway I have enjoyed myself immensely

I find that I'm covered in nasty mosquito bites - the kind that form big blisters, and then turn into blood-filled purple blotches. I don't remember any mosquitoes I cannot remember any mosquitoes - in fact if I had not slept twice already in my bed without being bitten I would worry that there were bed bugs but I think they must be mosquito bites

There was a $5.33 entrance fee to enter the Mayan ruins of Tulum compound, but the archaeological site was extensive. Some feminine workmen (or scholars ) were restoring or preserving some of the ancient carvings by applying a coating of some kind via paintbrush. As you can see, the ruins are set right on the edge of the ocean and afford a dramatic site. it was very lovely here with the cliffs and turquoise ocean below. I left and came back for another stroll in the afternoon and most of the crowds of bus tour people had left at that time.


