# 2025-06-17 ~ SF BoS ~ Talking Points ~ Theo Armour

* 1991. Moved to Bay Area, 10 year Hong Kong. 10 years showing people in China. Build factories and universities. Using personal computers
* 1991 to 2001.Decade when the world went from Drawing on Paper to Designing on a screen or monitor
*  Worked for Autodesk. Co-designed Flagship AutoCAD
* Nice place to live.
* As a one-handed paraplegic, 
In 2020 at the height of the virus, I moved to Heritage on the Marina, I was looking for a safe haven 
* Five years later, it turns out that I'm as close to Paradise as I'll ever get. 
* Editor & Publisher of the newsletter. Engaged with community
* At 78, one of the youngest here, 
* Please can I still be here ten years from now?
* Will I be living in my Julia Morgan Building or not?
* My observations

## Beyond NIMBYism: Residents Supporting Real Solutions

**• Attractive, affordable senior communities** are essential for San Francisco's aging population

**• Aging in your house** Where one or two people occupy large family properties — This wastes precious housing stock**

**• Senior housing** frees up larger properties for younger families who desperately need them _the property I owned in the nineties had eight bedrooms_

**• This fight is worth it** I'm personally willing to give up my stunning view of Fort Mason and the Bay for this project

**• Noise and Dust** Yes, there will be noise and dust during construction. The neighbors worry. Guess what

**• We residents live at ground zero** We are deeply concerned about impacts

**• We're fully committed to solutions**: our Board of Directors and contractors will make air quality and noise abatement a top priority

**• Call to Action**

* We are not asking you to solve the San Francisco housing crisis overnight
* we are asking you to say yes when your own constituents step up with real solutions to better housing in San Francisco.