## Clarification of the "Bills for Bandages" issue

Are C plan people paying for A plan people's medical supplies?

SFPL predicted you would die in ten years, but twenty years later here you are still alive.

Who wins if the dealer goes bankrupt?

The C plan people are paying for the A plan people's medical supplies.

***



CEO Notes for RC meeting, June 30, 2023
1. Changes to how we hold RC meetings.
a. These meetings will be brought in line with the Continuing Care Contract Statutes.  The RC meetings will continue to be held on the last Friday of the month, but will only be held with the RC Officers and the RC association (all residents).  This is to allow a free exchange of ideas without administration present.
i. Council officers may invite someone from administration for a small portion of the meeting.
b. Within 20 days of receiving written notification of the RC meeting requests to administration, the administration is required to provide written feedback to residents.
i. RC is expected to give meeting minutes to administration within 5 business days of their meeting.
c. The administration will hold a monthly Town Hall meeting every second Wednesday of the month. RC council concerns addressed to administration will be discussed at this meeting.  We will also give other pertinent updates.
2. Changes to how we hold Semiannual Meetings:
a. Per the Contract Statutes these are meetings presented by the governing body (BOD) and the Administration.  They are generally financial in nature pertaining to 1) the new annual budget and the resident monthly fee change and 2) the investment portfolio.  General updates will also be given at these meetings.
b. These meetings will be held separate from scheduled RC meetings, as determined by the BOD and Administration.
3. Guidance for Ensuring 24 hour Coverage by Administration at HotM (see attached guidance)
4. All Clear announcements after a fire alarm:  my apologies. I was not aware that we have an ability to broadcast into all apartments (and didn’t know how to do so), so no announcement was made last Friday.  I now know how to do this and we have trained others as well.
5. Congratulations to Michael, Linda Hibbs, Karina, Angie, Cortez, and all staff who participated in our annual DSS survey on Monday, June 12.  We had a deficiency free outcome, with one technical violation cited.
6. We have also filed for 3 exceptions for residents who have conditions who disqualify them from living in Assisted Living.  We are awaiting the outcome of those filings.  Because we have 24 hour nursing and medical care we expect to get the clearance we asked for.
7. We have applied to have our current health center licensed as RCFE (it is no longer licensed by CDPH, CMS, or HCAI (formerly OSHPD).  We had a fire inspection on Wednesday June 14 as part of that change in licensure.
a. We have to add magnetic doors and exit signs in certain places throughout the community; once that is completed we will get confirmation of the RCFE license.
i. This will allow us to use the 4 apartments on the north side of the health center (that are in the Perry building just inside the fire doors) as Assisted Living apartments.
ii. We’ve also received confirmation that once our magnetic doors and exit signs are in place, our license will change from allowing 20 non-ambulatory resident to allowing 57.  This is really important for aging in place.
1. The Fire Inspector would not allow the townhouses on Octavia or Francisco to house non-ambulatory residents.
8. You may be aware of negative push back from our neighbors both on Francisco Street and Bay Street regarding any upcoming construction and plans that may obstruct their views.  We are working closely with our attorneys and with the SF city planners on this matter.  We plan to have another broad communication meeting to residents, staff, and neighbors sometime this summer (date TBD). I will keep you informed.
9. From Jon Casey: be assured that we are working on what the new calculation will look like with the change in the facilities operations.  In the first quarter of the year, the Skilled Nursing was still open, in the second quarter, we had the costs associated with the closing of the skilled nursing.  So, we need the third quarter to project what the costs are going forward so we can calculate the new formula with costs from the third quarter and project the fourth quarter.  Once we have all the calculations, we will make sure that our audit firm and our attorneys all agree so we do not give you something that will not work with the IRS.  I thank you for your patience and will keep you updated but expect to hear more in mid to late October
