# 2023-05-29 RC Notes

What is a good closing or call to action for this document?


## TL;DR

I want to scream!


## The horror of preparing Residents Council Note of Meeting

* Meeting was woo long
* No prepared text notes were sent out
* No action items were called for during meeting
* Little or nor interaction resident to resident


## Extra Bonus Horror

The most recommended transcription service is https://Otter.ai. I've been using it the past few meetings - and it sucks. Recording are virtually incomprehensible because Otter requires good connection to the Internet - which Friendship hall does not have.

I did ask Maintenance for connection from amp to computer connection, but that was not set up by the time of the meeting. I want to give up on Otter, but I have not found a better solution.

In any case, this will not solve the problem of the especially bad recoding of the this past meeting Nor does it help that in this recent meeting, team members spoke for over an hour and only Mary prepared and sent out written notes.

In past meetings, transcribing the bad recordings and preparing the notes has been taking me something like five to eight hours of very unpleasant work. I am not going to do that again.


## What people say they want

I am conflicted about the value of the notes of residents council meeting.

When I talk to some people about the notes of the meeting they say "just do a one page summary". It's the modern way. It avoids liability. It avoids have to be accountable. It avoids having to do any work.

On the other hand, when I talk to others they say things like

* I could not attend the meeting, but I want to know what happened
* I could not hear what was said, but I want to know what was said
* I want to know what was said, but I am not able to listen to a recording
* etc

Personally, the history of Heritage is important to me, and I want to leave a good record of what happened for the historians of the future

I also want to leave a good record of what happened for the people who are going to be making decisions about Heritage in the future


## Suggestions

A good thing would be to propose a new format for the Residents Council meetings

Revamp the Meeting Format
* Future residents council meetings will be limited to one hour
* Staff talks should be limited to a total talk time for all the staff that talk of 30 minutes
* The remaining portion of the meeting is used for resident to resident interaction
* At the end of the 30 minutes the staff should be allowed to return to their normal duties

Simplify Documentation Preparation
* Team members will prepare and send out notes prior to the meeting
* Notes of Meetings will include the staff notes
* Off the cuff remarks will only be noted upon requests of the speakers
* Relevant Q&A may be noted

Implement Moderation
* The resident portion of the meeting will have an agenda and will be moderated
* Action items will be determined by residents and forwarded to staff by email for implementation

Leverage Technology
* Resident council meeting will be recorded through the speaker system, transcribed and made available to staff and residents
* Explore modern meeting management technology and techniques

Let's work together to improve the quality of our meetings and leave a lasting record of Heritage for future generations.


