# 2024-07 Happenings Text

## Events


De Young Docent Jim Kohn: American Beauty
Monday, 1 July at 3:00 in Friendship Hall
American Beauty: The Osher Collection of American Art celebrates one of the most transformative promised gifts of art in the Museums’ history. Featuring works by many of the United States’ foremost artists, the collection assembled by Bernard and Barbro Osher spans the years 1848 to 1960 and reflects an array of artistic responses to an exceptionally dynamic and complicated period in American culture. The collection illustrates how American artists have long sought to define and declare American styles and subjects, and this debut exhibition will both affirm and interrogate how a distinctly national art was shaped both by its international influences and by its regional character. Reflecting a multiplicity of voices and perspectives, the Osher Collection will serve as a resource for research, education, and public engagement, fostering a deeper appreciation of the vast and evolving landscape of American art— and its reflection of the American experience.

Special screening: La Vie en Rose (Life in pink) ~ 2007
Tuesday, 2 July at 2:00 in Friendship Hall
La Vie en Rose is a 2007 biographical musical film about the life of French singer Édith Piaf, co-written and directed by Olivier Dahan, and starring Marion Cotillard as Piaf.

Buck Institute Seminar #4
Wednesday, 10 July at 11:00 in Friendship Hall
“How Close are we to real treatments for neurodegenerative disease?”

Jon Frank Trio: 4th of July Music Performance
Thursday, 4 July at 3:00 in Morgan Parlor

Asian Art Museum: Glorious Civilizations of Southeast Asia
Monday, 8 July 8th at 3:00 in Friendship Hall

Movie: Amelie ~ 2001
Tuesday, 9 July at 2:00 in Friendship Hall
Amélie, known also by its longer title, The Fabulous Destiny of Amélie Poulain, is a story of a girl who takes joy in life’s simple pleasures and dedicates herself to helping others. However, even with this simple plot, the film fully embraces elements of the fantastic and surreal within its narrative.

Maya Meska: Bastille Day Happy Hour celebrating France!
Thursday, 11 July at 3:00 in Friendship Hall

Roxana Lara: Presentation on Film Noir (Dark Film)
Tuesday, 16 July at 3:00 in Friendship Hall
Showing of Double Indemnity ~ 1944

Vada Watson: Mental Health Presentation
Thursday, 18 July at 3:00 in Friendship Hall

Ben Barnes: playing French Baroque Dance Suite Music on the violin
Friday, 19 July at 6:00 in the Dining Room

Golden Retriever: SPCA Visit
Thursday 25 July at 1:30 in Friendship Hall

Ian Scarfe Piano: Piano Excursions
Monday. 29 July at 3:00 in Morgan Parlor
Featuring works inspired by travel and the outdoors, this is a summertime program that will take the audience on a musical journey. Musical selections will include classics by J S Bach, Ludwig van Beethoven, Frederic Chopin, as well as works by
American composers George Gershwin, Amy Beach, and Samuel Barber.
The program title comes from the 1944 piano "Excursions" by Samuel Barber, a set of pieces that blend classical piano techniques with various American popular genres of the early 20th century, including boogie, blues, and cowboy ballads.

Roxana Lara: Presentation on Film Noir (Dark Film)
Tuesday, 30 July at 2:00 in Friendship Hall
Showing of Touch of Evil ~ 1958


## Sunday Movies

7 July ~ Arthur the King ~ 2024 ~ 1h 47m ~ Adventure, Drama
Based on a true story, an adventure racer adopts a stray dog to join him and become a team member in an epic endurance race.
Director: Simon Cellan Jones ~ Stars: Mark Wahlburg, Simu Liu, Juliet Rylance

14 July ~ Brooklyn ~ 2015 ~ 1h 57m ~ Drama, Romance
An Irish immigrant lands in 1950s Brooklyn, where she quickly falls into a romance with a local. When her past catches up with her, however, she must choose between two countries and the lives that exist within.
Director: John Crowley ~ Stars: Saoirse Ronan, Emory Cohen, Domhnall Gleeson.

21 July ~ The Queen ~ 2006 ~ 1h 43m ~ Biography, Drama
After the death of Princess Diana, Queen Elizabeth II struggles with her reactions to a sequence of events nobody could have predicted.
Director: Stephen Frears ~ Stars: Helen Mirren, Michael Sheen, James Cromwell.

28 July ~ Casablanca ~ 1942 ~ 1h 42m ~ Drama, Romance, War
A cynical expatriate American cafe owner struggles to decide whether or not to help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape the Nazis in French Morocco.
Director: Michael Curtiz ~ Stars: Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid

## Friday Movies

5 July ~ Sideways ~ 2004 ~ 2h 7m ~ Comedy, Drama
Struggling writer & wine enthusiast Miles takes his engaged friend, Jack, on a trip to wine country for a last single-guy bonding experience. While Miles wants to relax & enjoy the wine, Jack is in search of a fling before his wedding.
Director: Alexander Payne ~ Stars: Paul Giamatti, Sandra Oh, Thomas Haden Church

12 July ~ Lincoln ~ 2012. 2h 30m ~ Historical Drama
With the nation embroiled in still another year with the high death count of Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln brings the full measure of his passion, humanity & political skill to what would become his defining legacy: to end the war & permanently abolish slavery through the 13th Amendment.
Director: Steven Spielberg ~ Stars: Daniel Day-Lewis, Sally Field, Tommy Lee Jones

19 July ~ The Butler ~ 2013. 2h 12m ~ Historical Drama, Thriller
After leaving the South as a young man & finding employment at an elite hotel in Washington, DC, Cecil Gaines gets the opportunity of a lifetime when he is hired as a butler at the White House. Over the course of three decades, Cecil has a front-row seat to history & the inner workings of the Oval Office.
Director: Lee Daniels ~ Stars: Forest Whitaker, John Cusack, Oprah Winfrey

26 July ~ The Devil Wears Prada ~ 2006 ~ 1hr 49m ~ Comedy, Drama
Andy is a recent college graduate with big dreams. Upon landing a job at prestigious Runway magazine, she finds herself the assistant to diabolical editor Miranda Priestly. Andy questions her ability to survive her grim tour as Miranda's whipping girl without getting scorched.
Director: David Frankel ~ Stars: Meryl Streep, Anne Hathaway, Stanley Tucci, Adrian Grenier

## Birthdays

Enid Leff July 5
Katherine Conley July 15
Midge Mansouri July 15
Gary Skootsky July 22
Patrick Alexander July 27


## Fort Mason Features

Fort Mason Farmer’S Market
Open Sundays from 9:30 am to 1:30 pm
Features over 35 farmers and food purveyors. Walking through this market is interesting and fun even if you are not shopping for food!

Museo Italo Americano – Earth And Soul: Elena Civoli Brittain
Through 8 Sept
Museo hours are Tuesday through Saturday, 12 pm (Noon) to 4 pm and Sunday, 10 am to 2 pm (Closed on major holidays.) This exhibit showcases Brittain’s paintings and Grame’s sculptures.

Lexa Walsh At The Guardhouse: Morning Sun
Through 8 September
This new installation is located inside the Guardhouse and is free and open to the public, viewable through the windows 24 hours/day. The Guardhouse is located at the main entrance to Fort Mason. Emanating from the walls of The Guardhouse is a sound collage incorporating excerpts from Walsh’s ongoing interviews with veterans as well as civilians. Take a peek!

Fort Mason Historic District Walking Tours
Through 27 July
Meet at the Gatehouse (Equator Coffees Cafe) for a stroll through the Fort Mason Center for Arts & Culture campus and adjacent historical areas. Explore the evolution of this unique historical landmark from its dynamic origins as a military post and the San Francisco Port of Embarkation for troops shipping out during World War II to its current role as a vibrant contemporary cultural venue.
Great activity for your visiting family and friends.
tours@sfcityguides.org OR 415-375-0468

Flax Art + Design Store
Zen And The Art Of Urban Sketchintg
Through 19 Oct
Saturdays: July 20, August 17, Sept 21, Oct 19, from 12 pm to 3 pm
The class includes everything needed to jump start a passion for urban sketching.
Join local artist, Zip Lehnus, for this in person outdoor workshop.
Workshop begins at FLAX in Building D- where participants pick up
Their urban sketching kits (included in the $65 fee). Go over basic urban sketching techniques and set off to discover beautiful outdoor
Settings perfect for urban sketching. Get out there!

Fort Mason information: (415) 345-7500


## Book


The Wide Wide Sea: Imperial Ambition, First Contact and the Fateful Final Voyage
of Captain James Cook ~ NF by Hampton Sides, Peter Noble, et al.
Review by Trish Otstott
Named the Bestselling Book of 2024, so far, by The New York Times.
Take a sailing trip around the globe right from your own comfy chair. The Wide
Wide Sea is the extraordinary story of Captain James Cook and his last voyage of
discovery. While steering his ship, the HMS Resolution, he was credited with
charting new continents (new to folks in the 18 th century) and discovering Hawaii.
Learn about the life of sailors, threats from the sea and what happens when your
Captain goes a little crazy on a beach in Hawaii.
Critics use the term “gripping” when describing this book. So true.


##

Café Society: Time Suspended, the Cafés &amp; Bistros of Paris
by Joanie Osburn
Review by Trish Otstott

An acquaintance of mine wrote this absolutely charming book about the history,
tradition and current status of the precious cafes and bistros of Paris. She back
and forthed to Paris (poor Dear) many many times to glean the experience and
details of this piece of classic Parisienne culture.
This book is chocked full of glorious photographs of the cafes of Paris. You will
probably identify a cafe you remember; I did. Pick up this book and take a look,
even if you do not have the time to read the text. It is gloriously presented.
My signed copy of Café Society is in the Stucky library for your enjoyment.

## France

France

Martha Nell Beatty

There is the France that is grand, iconic, magnificent. But there is also the France of smaller delights, more intimate experiences against the backdrop of history or culture. It is these that stay in my memory.

In France, there always seems to be an appreciation of good food although it is certainly possible to have a bad meal. It starts with fresh produce or fish artfully displayed at an outdoor market. And maybe there is someone cooking an enticing, aromatic dish right on the sidewalk. Or there can be an especially attractive presentation of a dish in a restaurant or bistro. With a meal there is often a favorite wine.

There are the special places to enjoy a meal such as the courtyard of a 17th century hotel in Paris’ Marais district. Or on the terrace of a hotel perched high above the Mediterranean. And always the sidewalk cafes.

Sometimes driving through the countryside, you come across glorious fields of lavender or sunflowers.

Other times there are the cultural and important sites in small towns or villages. In Arles you can see where Van Gogh lived and also some of the sites where he painted, marked with plaques. In St Remy, you can see his room in the asylum where he spent some time. In Ouvers-sur-Oise you can visit the room in which he died and the cemetery in which he is buried.

Or you can step back in time and visit the studio/home of Modigliani in Paris.

And sometimes you can run across humor in unexpected places.

## D-Day from a Brit’s Perspective

 When the bombing started in earnest in London the Import/Export company my father worked for evacuated to a small market town about 35 miles North West of London. We had to leave our nice house and pretty garden and never went went back to it. The town we went to called Dunstable was a small market town about 35 miles North West of London. It was relatively quiet except for an odd bomb or a lost fighter pilot who who zoomed up the high street shooting all the way. It used to be the center of the straw hat industry but the the railway went to Luton and so did the straw hats.
 We started off in furnished rooms. At the first one they treated my mother like a servant so we moved to a second place where the owners were more sympathetic. One day my father was in the garden looking at a wonderful red sunset. When he said “Wait a minute that is the wrong direction. That is East. That is London burning”
 Eventually a flat next door to my father’s office became available and we spent the rest of the war years there . The flat looked down on a cobbled market square where a live animal auction was held every Thursday. A great scene to look down on especially if one got away with the men chasing after it.
 Beyond the market square was the High Street part of the Great North Road. Well before freeways it was the main road running from North to South in a straight line built originally by the Romans Not much traffic on it as only essential people like farmers and doctors were allowed cars Foe everyone else it was walk or bike or public transport.
 Later in the war there were articles, graffiti and talks on the radio calling “Open the Second Front Now!” To no avail. But one day along the Great North Road came convoys of troops and equipment in a ceaseless procession. On and on for hours all day and probably the next. I do not remember. We knew then the the invasion of France was about to begin. Sure enough the next day it was announced the the Invasion of France, D-Day had begun.
 Looking back, it was an enormous undertaking requiring great planning and we know know now of the slaughter and injuries of those brave young men. What a debt we owe them.


## Library Corner New Acquisitions June 2024

Death in Holy Orders 2020 M
Part of the Adam Daigliesch, series, the woman who find the first dead body is murdered in a theological college.

The Women: A Novel 2024 F
The book takes an Army nurse from privileged family to Vienam in the late 60’’s when few women were serving. Not only does she live through challenging situations there, but she returns home to a hostile country.

The Truths We Hold 2019 NF
Kamala Harris
A memoir before becoming Vice President

The Pursuit of Happiness: How Classical Writers on Virtue Inspired the Lives of the Founders And Defined America 2024 NF
Jeffrey Rosen

The #1 Lawyer: He’s America’s Best Lawyer Until He’s It’s #1 Murder Suspect 2024 M
James Patterson

The Lost Symbol 2012 F
(Robert Langdon)
A follow up to the Da Vince Code

Listen for the Lie: A Novel 2024 M
Lucy wanders around covered in
blood. Everyone thinks she has murdered her best friend. But…..

## Patrick

July is going to be the French month at the Heritage and much is happening in France that month. The Olympic games will be held in Paris in July. They will start in July and go through August. The coverage of the Games will be broadcast by NBC- channel 3 for those who have Comcast.

The French election will be held in July. There will be a new Prime Minister, but Macron will stay on as President. He has another 2 years to serve.

July 14 is independence day in France and celebrated in much the same way as July 4 is celebrated in the USA.. All in all July will be a very busy time in France.

Randy Gridley the Chairman of the Board wants to start having lunches again each month with residents. Starting in July he would sit down with 4 residents for lunch
in the dining room. Each month a another set of residents would then sit down with Randy. Depending on Randy's schedule the July date will be announced at the next Residents' Council meeting.



Regards

Patrick

## Jeanne DeMeio
Activity Leader
Martha Nell Beatty

Armed with an MA in Gerontology from SF State, Jeanne joined The Heritage staff 17 years ago. Her job with a colleague was to develop programs for Skilled Nursing residents. As Jeanne says, “You had to know where residents are cognitively and present appropriate daily activities for them. “
When SNF closed in 2023, she stayed on to continue with activities for Assisted Living residents, some with various stages of dementia, Jeanne is trying to integrate more Independent Living residents in these activities. One such activity is Spanish class, in which I participate. Another is History of the Heritage. Sometimes residents work with Jeanne on developing programs such as the planting project she and Margaret Missiaen have going. Jeanne welcomes Independent Living residents as volunteers.
Before coming to San Francisco Jeanne got a Bachelor’s degree in Early Childhood Education, at the University of Wisconsin. This led her into becoming a kindergarten teacher. She got another Bachelor’s degree in Developmental Psychology, which covers all ages, at SF State. The studies have helped Jeanne to be a knowledgeable member of The Heritage activities staff. She also brings infinite patience and a caring spirit.




## O&A

* https://www.marincounty.org/depts/cu/tours
* https://www.marincounty.org/main/mobile-gallery
* https://www.sfzoo.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/VisitorGuide-08-2022-3.pdf