# Raffles


## https://calnonprofits.org/publications/article-archive/544-2017-raffles-survey-findings

FYI - summary of key California regulations about raffles
* In California, only nonprofit organizations can legally conduct raffles.
* Before holding a raffle, you must file a raffle registration form.
* You must also file an annual raffle report form that reports on the raffles your organization conducts in a given year.
* You cannot sell raffle tickets on the internet (though you can use the internet to tell people where to buy them).
* 90% of what the raffle takes in must be given to the nonprofit. Only 10% can be paid out in prizes. (Exception: nonprofits that are official arms of major sports league teams are allowed to hold 50/50 raffles where 50% of the proceeds can be given out in prizes and only 50% has to be used by the nonprofit.)

## https://oag.ca.gov/charities/raffles

>In California, charities and certain other private nonprofit organizations may conduct raffles to raise funds for beneficial or charitable purposes in the state. This exception to the general constitutional prohibition against lotteries requires that at least 90 percent of the gross receipts from these raffles go directly to beneficial or charitable purposes in California. Penal Code section 320.5 governs which organizations qualify and how the raffles must be conducted. The Bureau of Gambling Control regulates the 50/50 Major League Sports Raffle Program established by Penal Code 320.6.
>
>Unless specifically exempted, a nonprofit organization must register with the Attorney General's Registry of Charitable Trusts before the raffle and must also file an aggregate financial disclosure report for all raffles held during the reporting year. Registration and reporting forms are available below.
