# Family & Friends


## September

Hello Heritage on the Marina family and friends

Attached kindly find your September issue of Heritage Happenings.

The effort to create content for the visually or cognitively impaired and un-impaired continues.

The photo gallery is getting more photos. As the San Francisco Department of Public Health loosens the restrictions, residents are involved in more socializing. Yay!

On page 8, please note a striking new concept. The drawing of William Shakespeare playing the piccolo as a single line drawing was generated by an artificial intelligence (AI) program. The Heritage Happenings may well be the first old folks newsletter to publish a custom AI drawing designed to illustrate adjacent content.

Please let me know if you have any questions, want to unsubscribe or want to add new subscribers.

Theo

## August

Hello Heritage on the Marina family and friends

Attached kindly find your August issue of Heritage Happenings.

The effort continues to try to get all the events information for the month on a single sheet - all on the last page so that you can tear it off and keep it handy.

This issue has fewer photos relating to upcoming events, but it once again has some drawings created by yours truly and more photos of past events. This is in keeping with the hope that as much as possible the content of the Heritage Happenings is a reflection of the wisdom and creativity of our residents.

Please let me know if you have any questions, would like to unsubscribe or would like to suggest new subscribers.

Theo


## July...

Remember to BCC

Hello Heritage on the Marina family and friends

Attached kindly find your #month# issue of Heritage Happenings.

Please let me know if you have any questions, want to unsubscribe or want to add new subscribers.

Theo

***
Theo Armour
