# 2022-10-03 To Do


## Nienke



## Neil Higgins


## Josh

### donor advised fund

https://boltonglobal.com/doc/Donor_Advised_Funds.pdf

### IRA

* Direct to DAF?
* Maximum withdrawal>

## Caffrey Insurance

Mary


## Gardner

Hello Mary and Janet

The other day I received an email from Gardner Haskell telling me that he had received a marketing email from Heritage on the Marina. (In fact he thought it was a link to a new Heritage web site under development, but that is not the point). He included a number of comments that countered the "message" he saw and felt relating to the Heritage communication. Since then, we have had a couple of phone conversations and further emails.

My heart is very much with Gardner. Heritage is not at all about champagne flutes, roaring fireplaces and stock photos. Heritage is about walkability, activities and socialization. In the attached document, I have gathered Gardner's good thoughts into a single document with a small amount of editing.

Please have a read. Fingers crossed, it helps focus the dialog in a more vigorous direction. I am one of the youngest here. I feel privileged to be surrounded by so many examples of successful aging. Rather than being surrounded by youngsters and bemoaning by my loss of abilities, I am confronted with engaged and  resourceful elders, people with some severe loss of abilities yet who retain the ability to smile and residents who confront death with equanimity and resolve. Who would have thought that moving to Heritage would be such an ongoing learning experience?


## Cole


## SF Village / Jill Ellefsen


## David Peritz


## Eleanor Bissell

