# HotM Directory of Resident Services ~ Theo's comments ~ 2024-01-10

To: Mary and Jeff

The Directory is an enormous task - and very welcome one. Thank you for taking it on.

Here is a start on some comments. Let me know if you want more on the same lines. I am happy to help.

Theo

***

## Preface

First impressions count. As my aunt used to say, "if you are having a party, polish the front door knob."

So I am looking right now at the front page of the Directory and a number of aspects come to mind to help make a good first impression - particularly with the vision-impaired.


## Use of ALL CAPS is discouraged

Using all caps in document headers is a matter of style and preference, but there are some general guidelines and considerations to keep in mind.

* All caps text can be **harder to read** and **slower to process** than text in sentence case or title case¹². This can affect the legibility and accessibility of your document for different readers.
* All caps text can also be **mistaken for abbreviations** by some assistive technologies, such as screen readers¹. For example, the word "US" in "CONTACT US" might be read as "United States" instead of "us".


## Font Colors

Certain font colors in the document are low contrast. For example, the light blue font color used in the words "MISSION STATEMENT" and the table of contents is difficult to read against the white background. You could use a darker color for better contrast.


## URL

Whenever the address and phone number are listed, the HotM URL could be listed as well.


## Mysterious Abbreviations
"RCFE" and "COA" are not defined anywhere in the document. You could define them the first time they are used.

A rule of thumb: avoid abbreviations everywhere!

Example: "Accounts Payable" is way nicer than "Accnts. Payable"


## Registration numbers

When I see something like "COA #260" I wonder what the number means. Is it a license number? A registration number? A certification number? You could define the number the first time it is used and the name of the organization responsible.


_Now riffling through the first few pages of the document..._


## Page numbers, document title and date

Page numbers, organization, document title and date: needed in headers and footers on every page


## Staff Directory

### Email

Email addresses are not listed in the staff directory. Email addresses for each staff member would be nice.


### Staff Locations

* Maintenance, accounting & dining in basement


### Text

Do any of the numbers accept text messages? If so, you could list the numbers as "Phone/Text" or "Phone/Text (555) 555-5555".

### Missing numbers

Numbers that might be nice to include

* Security
* Emergency
* Nurses cell phones
* Van driver


## Communication to/from administration

### Personal contact always available

The doors to directors are always open. You can always stop by and talk to them in person.


### Support for Non-technical residents

Any time an email is sent to all residents with email a paper copy of the message is delivered to the mailbox outside the front door of the apartment of residents without email.


## Touchtown

The Touchtown service is also available on your phone, tablet or computer. It includes a calendar of events, a directory of residents and staff, and a way to send messages to send messages to the front desk, maintenance, and other staff.


_Now some random suggestions_

## Locations that could be highlighted

* Trash rooms
* Notice boards
* Shredder
* Goodwill donations
* Expired batteries
* Meds
* PT, Fitness center, Art center
* Friendship Hall
* Toilets
* Coffee machines


## Services offered

* Pine Park
* Podiatrist
* Barber & hairdresser
* Yoga


