# 2023-11-24 Residents Council Meeting Summary


## Quick recap

Patrick introduced Michelle Jackson as the new resident and mentioned a new month-to-month contract.
Jeff gave updates on several matters including the new assisted living contract, staffing models, the difference between permanent and temporary residency, and employee appreciation funds. He also discussed upcoming events and updates,
Patrick also led discussions about volunteer organization, food preparation, the Bottle Bank program, tax deductibility for medical care on Type A contracts, the podiatry appointments, potential challenges of reintegrating part-time off-site employees.


## Summary

### New Resident, Contracts, and Staffing Updates

Patrick introduced Michelle Jackson as the new resident and mentioned that Jeff would provide details about the new month-to-month contract. Jeff then gave updates on several matters. He revealed that the new assisted living contract was approved by the State and does not require an entrance fee, but a non-refundable one-time community fee of $20,000. The monthly fee starts at just under $7,000 and increases to $14,000 per level. Patrick discussed the development of staffing models for assisted living and the importance of considering "minutes of care" when determining the number of care providers needed. He mentioned that they are in the process of filling some final positions, including the resident health services director. Jeff emphasized the necessity of adequate staffing to ensure proper care and revenue generation. He clarified the difference between permanent and temporary residency and discussed the possibility of offering a similar month-to-month plan for people who wish to move in without selling their house. Finally, Jeff addressed the topic of employee appreciation fund monthly contributions.


### Upcoming Events and Window Cleaning Schedule

Jeff discussed several upcoming events and updates. He mentioned the window cleaning scheduled for December fourth, which will be managed by a new vendor and will focus on Morgan, Perry, Francisco, Octavia, and the crossover. The final window screens for Morgan will be installed on that day. Jeff also mentioned the holiday party on December 13th and a Christmas tree event scheduled for the first week of December. Other topics included a staff party on December 15th and security measures in place 24/7.


### Employee Appreciation Fund

Patrick also touched on the Employee Appreciation Fund, which had reached a total of $90,086.74 by November 22nd, and promised more details in the future. He also thanked everyone for their contributions, particularly highlighting Katie's efforts in securing a $75 donation.

Patrick discussed the Employee Appreciation Fund, stating that the average contribution is around $1,500 and these contributions are tax-deductible. He proposed the option for people to make monthly contributions throughout the year, but concerns about administrative burden and accounting issues were raised.


## Gardening Concerns Discussed

Patrick also addressed concerns about noise and pollution from gardening activities in the parking lot, particularly the use of gasoline-powered leaf blowers. He mentioned previous discussions with Mary Linde and Jeff about this issue and the plan to limit gardening activities to specific times. Patrick also suggested the possibility of requiring the Landscape company to switch to battery-powered blowers to reduce noise and pollution levels. Theo and Kathy discussed the upcoming change in state law that will require all blowers to be electric by June next year.


## Fundraising Events

Patrick  proposed the idea of fundraising events such as a tea party, open apartments, and a raffle to be organized in the next year. He suggested starting to prepare for these events in July and aiming for a September raffle. Patrick also proposed the idea of residents opening their apartments to visitors, with Doris expressing interest in volunteering. It was agreed to discuss the details of these events in the next meeting.


### Volunteers, Food, Feedback, New Venue, Holiday Party, Career Meeting, Catholic Mass

Patrick led a discussion about various topics, including the organization of volunteers and the preparation of food. He passed on a report about the migrant women's world, the staff present, and the number of residents at North Carolina. Theo also mentioned a new venue opening in December and addressed feedback about the food, such as the thickness of the buns and the preparation of the French dip. He announced a holiday dinner party on December 13th and the next full career meeting on January 9th, 2024. Martha mentioned a priest who conducts a Catholic mass every third Sunday of the month in the chapel.


### Bottle Bank Program Update

Katie discussed the Bottle Bank program that started in August and its progress up until November 20th. He shared that the program has collected $116.25 in total, with the highest contribution being $11.60. Katie mentioned that there are multiple drop-off locations for contributions and that he provides pick-up services as needed. He also mentioned that there might be wine bottle recycling in January, but the details are not yet confirmed. Katie expressed appreciation for everyone's contributions and support.


### Tax Deductibility and Residence Type Discussed

Fred and others discussed the issue of tax deductibility for medical care provided to residents. They expressed concerns over the lack of clarity from the accountants and communication from the accounting firm, Kevin. Theo suggested bringing the issue up with John for clarity and the possibility of inviting someone to a council meeting or town hall to explain the situation further. Additionally, Fred raised the issue of a change in the type of residence that could affect tax deductions, though no clear decision was reached. He also discussed the need for a serious discussion about part-time off site employees. Furthermore, Theo mentioned an upcoming town hall meeting and asked Fred to prepare a letter requesting Jon's attendance at the next town hall.


## Clinic Registration

Mary Liz brought up an issue regarding the difficulties she faced in securing a podiatry appointment due to someone taking her name off. Theo suggested talking to Linda Hibbs or Lucy.


## Team Introduction, Equipment Issues, Employee Appreciation

Fred noted that Linda Hibbs, the acting health services director, should introduce herself to the residents. There was a discussion about the hiring of a van driver and issues with the van, specifically flat tires. Patrick promised to bring up these issues at the upcoming Town Hall  meeting. Patrick, Theo thanked everyone for their contributions to the Employee Appreciation Fund and mentioned an upcoming tea party.


## Next steps

* Jeff will provide details about the new month-to-month contract.
* Consider developing a temporary contract for residents who need assisted living care for a short period of time.
* Send out another notice about window cleaning before it starts on December fourth.
* Attend the holiday party on December thirteenth.
* Participate in the Christmas tree decorating event on December sixth.
* Attend the birthday dinner on December eighth.
* Consider setting up a monthly contribution to the Employee Appreciation Fund.
* Follow up with the Landscape company about the noise and pollution from gasoline-powered leaf blowers.
* Consider organizing a fundraising tea party, open apartments, and a raffle next year.
* Fred will prepare a letter requesting Jon to attend the next Town Hall.
