# 2024-08-12-lfa-quote.md

Hello Claudia, Alix, Cynthia and Eloise

I have finally opened and viewed the quote Lawrence Fine Arts sent me to ship the art and furniture from their premises to Amsterdam.

Link to the quote: Cadogan Tate Lawrence FineArt Quote (LFA)

https://cadogantatelawrencefineart.moveware.app/rms/44800/customer-quote?jobId=1398528&brand=cadogantatelawrencefineart&token=gMB23IX8qUnqqEEFLeC0bxgfWB0bucbXiKEzfIWMWtDoPqduCNMHPWCy3uE-WeivERp

If you remember, I had asked for a cheaper quote.

The new quote is for $6,736.53. The old quote was for $7,826.53

LFA is the firm I would really trust to do this job, but this price is still too high.

Looking at the prices we had in May, we have:

## ShipSmart

$2,750 Sea ~ door to Amsterdam

## Navis

$3900 ~ Sea ~ to Rotterdam

## Withey

$4767 ~ Air ~ to address

$4202 ~ Air ~ to Amsterdam airport

$3780 ~ Sea ~ to address

Now that I have looked at LFA's prices, these prices seem much more reasonable. ;-)

Ship Smart is the cheapest, but often this means that they will jack up the price later.

Claudia also suggested Maryo of Postal Chase, but I have not yet done so

So, assuming that these firms can do the work, but some will be easier to work with than others, we need to decide what to do.

I have a man in San Francisco, fingers crossed, who can help me get the chairs to the shipper. Alix can help with the pickup in Amsterdam. Lawrence will need their $400 to get the items out of storage and on to their loading dock.

Claudia, what do you think? Can you help us make a decision? And upon doing so, can you help us with the logistics?

